Good luck on your new start !
My teacher is going to move to change his job .
He is a so nice guy and taught me English very kindly and was willing to accept my getting off the track .
And he took in my favorite subject like soccer .
And he took in my favorite subjects like soccer .
Actually , who let me know about Lang - 8 was him .
Actually , he was the one who let me know about Lang - 8 . .
He is also good at Japanese and studies ' Kanji ' .
His Kanji 's ability is much better than me .
His Kanji ability is much better than mine .
We 've known each other for only half a year , but his lesson was a lot of fun .
We 've known each other for only half a year , but his lessons were a lot of fun .
I 'm going to miss him but I really wish him the best of luck with his new life .
I 'm looking forward to seeing him again through here .

Good words
I heard a sentence last night when I watched TV .
I heard a sentence last night when I was watching TV .
It reminds and inspires me a lot .
Your life is like when you walk .
When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fell down .
When you go downhill , you have to stick out your chest or you will fall down .
When you go uphill , you hvae to bend your back .
When you go uphill , you have to bend your back .
It is like when you are confronted with frustration , you have to keep your confidence .
It is like when you are confronted with frustration and you have to keep your confidence .
When you are go smoothly , you have to be more modest .
When everything is going smoothly , you have to be more modest .
It is really good for me .

Arrangements
It 's summer .
The session is passed , and I work as apprentice at the souvenir shop .
When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handicrafts like small plates and cases .
When I was at school , we painted a lot of wooden handywork , like small plates and cases .
The making souvenir is a hard and interesting work .
Making souvenirs is a hard but interesting work .
On the one hand you need to be attentive and neat , but on the other hand you should set all your imagination and inspiration in motion .
Maybe , in this August my mom and I will visit Norway , Sweden and Finland .
I like Finland .
When my family used to go there very frequently ( about 3 or 4 times a month ) , I had a nice time .
I will never forget my first time at customs .
I suppose , I was 7 ( nice age , you do n't need to think about serious things and can do what you want ) .
We drove at our heavy truck to border , there was a long queue , we were waiting .
Well , finally , my mother took me to the customs window , she gave a passport to man . . .
iFinally my mother took me to the customs window , and gave a passport to the man . . .
and when we were going to sit in a truck , frightened man suddenly said `` lapsi ! `` .
Mom stared at him and raised me up to show him : D That 's my first memory about this country .
The second memory is the toys , which I was given near the border .
That 's two balls : one with a cat inside , other with dog .
There are two balls : one with a cat inside , the other with dog .
You know , you can take them at slot machine .
You know , you can ( win ? ) them at a slot machine .
So that 's the second .
The third memory is the house we lived .
The third memory is the house where we lived .
It was situated near Helsinki , big and light house with the small lake behind it ( it was winter , so it was frozen ) .
It was situated near Helsinki , a big and light house with e a small lake behind it . It was winter , so it was frozen .
The rooms were big enough , but not so big .
There were few furnitures .
And one of this I liked the most is a big white fridge .
Do n't know why .
I do n't know why .
I liked the winter Finland .
I liked Finland in the Winter .
And I hope I like the summer Finland .
And I hope I 'll like Finland in the Summer .
By the way , today I went to guitar teacher , and the only thing he said after `` Show me what you can ! `` was `` What do you want ?
You play really well , you level skills are higher than just amateur .
Just improvise already ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect what I CAN play like that I did .
Just start improvising ! `` To tell the truth , I myself did n't expect
And why I did n't play that good at the audition ? . . .
Well , I just proud of myself , yep .
And , by the way , `` white nights `` have already come .
And now they disturb me .
If only I had black dense curtains .
If only I had dense black curtains .

Whitney Houston Failed
A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston 's tune on my car radio .
A couple of weeks ago , I heard a new Whitney Houston tune / song on my car radio .
It sounded not bad .
I had been wondering what she was doing .
I had been wondering what she was / has been doing .
And finally , she released a new song !
She came back !
Today , I read an article on the net about her comeback performance in New York 's Central Park .
It said that was disappointing .
It said that it was disappointing .
Her voice was hoarse and cracked .
Oh , My God !
What a shock !
Her recent picture was not like her before .
Old and not beautiful . . . . .
Old and not beautiful . . . . . ( wwwww )
What happened to her ?
I know her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with drug addiction .
I know about her tumultuous marriage with Bobby Brown and an arduous battle with her drug addiction .
Still she has n't recovered from them ?
she still has n't recovered from them ?
She had a incredible beautiful high voice .
She was decent , not like Mariah Carey .
However , she is already 46 !
More disappointing thing to me is she said the reason of her bad voice was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .
More disappointing to me is she said the reason for her bad voice that day ? was because she talked with Oprah Winfrey too much on her show .
That might be one of the reasons , however , it sounds like just an excuse .
That might be one of the reasons , however , to me it just sounds like an excuse .
I believe she can sing .
I hope she would come back to the scene as a diva again , even not like her heyday .

First entry
I think this web site is a cool idea .
People help each other learning their languages .
Let me write something and see if anyone can review it and give me some advice .
I just installed Fallout 3 and played a bit last night .
I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least from my first impression .
I would say after 10 years of waiting , it has not failed its title , at least not from my first impression .
A lot of good features are inherited from old Fallout series , like the SPECIAL system , always having good , bad , neutral and ( my favorite ) sarcasm options when talking with NPCs .
I 'm not sure about keeping the action points feature though .
Anyway , I think I 'll spent quite some playing it in the next few weeks .
Anyway , I think I 'll spend quite some time playing it in the next few weeks .
OK , let 's all for my first entry .
OK , that 's all for my first entry .
OK , that 's all for my first entry .

It 's too hot .
It 's too hot in Japan .
Before , I went to a library .
Before , I went to the library .
Before , I went to the library .
Earlier I went to a library .
On the way I had a headache .
On the way I got a headache .
4
So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put our hat .
So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put on our hat .
So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put on our hat .
So , I think when we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put on our hats .
So , I think if we have to go somewhere on foot , we must put on our hat .
4
If we did n't that and walk for long time , we will collapse or die .
If we did n't do that and walked for long time , we would will collapse or die .
If we did n't do that and walked for long time , we would will collapse or die .
If we walked without our hats for long time , we would collapse or die .
If we did n't do that and walked for long time , we would collapse or die .
It 's not a joke .
If my sentences are n't practical correct them .
If my sentences are n't practical , please correct them .

A nice surpise
This morning I found out that one of my favourite band released his new album .
This morning I found out that one of my favourite bands released a new album .
I already forgot about Rise Against an it is a great surprise for me , because I did n't return to them for 2 years .
I already forgot about Rise Against and it is a great surprise for me , because I have n't listened to them for 2 years .
I hope this band did n't become worse yet like many others big ones and I 'll enjoy listening it .
I hope this band did n't become worse , like many others big ones did , and I 'll enjoy listening to it .
Well , there remains to get it and check it out .
Well , I just have to get it and check it out .

My mum is a great cook !
Hi everyone ,
I just realised I am so lucky ! ! !
It 's because my mum is probably the best cook I have met in my life .
It 's because my mum is probably the best cook I have ever met in my life .
Cooking is not her profession , she is a housewife .
Cooking is not her profession ; but rather , she is a housewife .
I have ate at hotels and expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .
I have eaten at hotels and have had expensive meals but they are nothing like what she cooks .
A friend once told me that the reason why I love her cooking is because she 's my mum but that is not the reason .
Being a housewife is really tough .
I rather be working outside than be a housewife .
I would rather be working outside than be a housewife .
So I must appreciate my mum and help her ^ ^

no title , haha
I do n't really like cockroaches . . .
I have n't seen cockroaches since I came here .
I think it 's about for one and half year .
I think it 's been about one and half years now .
I tried to fight against him , but he did n't show up .
I should have exploded whole this building so that I can make them destroy ~ ! ! !
I should have exploded the whole building so I can destroy ~ them ! ! !
Oh , I remembered .
I had to write about counseling .
I had to write about counseling .
I 'm gon na do it next time !
Nice to meet you .
This is my first time to write diary on the internet .
This is my first time writing a diary on the internet .
I hope someone see my diary and correct it .
I hope someone will see my diary and correct it .
I watched DVD `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .
I watched a DVD of `` Grey 's anatomy `` today .
Actually I keep watching it these days .
Actually I watch it a lot these days .
I 'm so into it .
I watched season 2 today .
So there are a lot to see .
So there is a lot to see .
I do n't know medical word in English very much .
I do n't know all the medical words in English .
So I have to check dictionary all the time .
But I can study English through this .
But I can study English with it .
And I think it 's fun , right ?
And I think it 's fun , right ? ( YEAH ! )
Thank you for reading this .

I ate a Chinese citron now .
I love citrus fruits .
And I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .
I 'm eating a banana every day for my health .
The banana is gather in my stomach and gives me energy .
Bananas gives me energy .

I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog on the news paper .
I have to make a newspaper in English as my summer vacation homework and I decided to introduce about my dog in the newspaper .
So , please somebody correct my English !
I will introduce about my dog , Tiara .
I will introduce my dog , Tiara .
She is cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
She is a cheerful and plump pretty dog , perhaps she is the cutest dog in the world .
She 's a golden retriever and she 's 8 years old .
She 's an 8 year old golden retriever
Her fur is beautiful amber and soft .
Her fur is a beautiful amber colour and is soft .
She is little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !
She is a little stupid , but has perceptive insights about food because she is always famished ^ ^ She loves food !
When she has had her food , she always prances around the living room merrily .
And she loves basking too .
She usually lays down near the big window and basks in the morning sun .
When she is basking she looks very comfortable .
When she is basking she looks very content .

It is raining in Tokyo .
It has not been rainy for a week ,
it makes me happy .
Usually , rain makes me unhappy ,
however , I hoped rain because it is too hot .
However , I hoped it would rain today because it is too hot .
Anyway , today will be good day .
thank you for reading .

A New Hair Style of the Wang
I saw a news on Yahoo yesterday .
I saw a news article on Yahoo yesterday .
It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and had a new hair style .
It reported that Chien - Ming Wang cut his hair and has a new hair style .
Here is the link .
Here is the link :
My English translation of the title is `` Wang changed a new hair style , but Jeter sucks it `` As long as you are a Chinese , nine out of ten you will think that Wang matched the new style very much , and that his new style is very handsome .
However , the news mentioned that Derek Jeter think his hair was really a damn .
The different values about handsome among cultures are very interesting .
I have seen an article on TIME .
It talked about there is a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .
It talked about there being a big difference about different values of a handsome man between Western countries and Eastern countries .
It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men and Hong Kong men .
It mentioned many examples of Japanese men , Korean men , and Hong Kong men .
They paid much attemtion to their faces and also spent lots of money to shop .
They paid much attention to their faces and spent lots of money to shop .
But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , say , muscle and behavior .
But in Western countries , the standard of a handsome man depends not on their faces , but on their masculine symbols , like muscle and behavior .
I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Srcubs and etc .
I started to notice the ways of foreign clothing and hair styles these past days by watching TV programs , such as Friends , Scrubs , etc .
I found out that the clothing and the hair styles was very different .
About clothing , the western men dressed mostly very simple , and about hair , most of them do n't have a fringe at all and their backhair were short that no hair cover necks .
If they had a long hair , it will be really long and thick .
If they had a long hair , it would be really long and thick .
By contrast , men in eastern countries most dress up .
By contrast , men in eastern countries dress up more .
Except a shirt and a jean , we usually wear an accessory .
Apart from a shirt and jeans , we usually wear an accessory .
As to hair , men usually have a median hair , neither very short or long .
As to hair , men usually have medium hair , neither very short or long .
If we want to cut a very short hair , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
If we want to cut our hair short , we must leave some hair on the back of neck in order to avoid looking like a nerd .
If we want to have a long hair style , mostly it will be light and especailly long on a fringe or backhair .
Oh my god .
I make a long entry again .
It almost cost a whole morning .
It almost cost me a whole morning .
I have to watch the NBA final game 3 .
I have to watch the NBA 's final game 3 .
Hope you will not feel bored about this diary and help me for correcting it .
I like you give me any commets and opinoins too .
I like you give me any comments and opinions too .
I really like to discuss .
I would really like to discuss .

My son have diarrhea
My son has diarrhea
When I came back home from working today .
When I came back home from work today , my son had diarrhea .
My son have diarrea .
It was like a warter and son 's hip became red .
It was like water and his bottom was red .
Tomorrow I will go to hometown .
We were planning to go to my hometown tomorrow .
We are ready to go out .
We were all ready to go .
But we cancei that .
But we had to cancel the trip .
What a pity !
But a no way .
But there 's no way we can go .

Listening to music
I am listening to music with the commuter train .
I am listening to music on the commuter train .
Today , I listen the music , it looks like in the cafe .
Today , I listen the music , it feels like I am in a cafe .
For example , `` Lovi ' n you . ``
I want to speak English .
So , I listen the English song .

Come fast next season !
I don ` t like winter .
It is very cold .
I like warm season .
I like the warm season .
so I like spring .
So , I like spring .
Spring is very exciting season .
Spring is a very exciting season .
New life , New meets ( friends ) , New meets ( oneself )
Japanese school , work starts spring .
In Japan , the new school and work year starts in spring .
I hope to get any quarifications in english .
I hope to become qualified in English .
I hope to get my new promotions .
I hope to get a new promotion .
But that isn ` t postopned .
Everyday starts new thinngs to try .
Everyday , there are new things to try .

Self - introduction
Hello everyone ! !
I 'm Gen - Mai .
Gen - Mai means unpolished rice in Japanese .
I 'm called Gen - Mai by my friends sometimes .
. . . No , extremely sometimes .
. . . No , very frequently .
Since today , I 'm going to try write a diary ! !
Starting today , I 'm going to try write a diary everyday ! !
Today is nothing specal to write ! !
Today has nothing specal to write ! !
See you tomorrow ! !
until yesterday I was very busy so I did n't watch dvds .
I hooked on the American dvds .
The title is `` closer `` .
Before that I hooked on `` Alias `` .
Jennifer Garner is attractive women so when I watched making scene , I felt drawn toward her .
I think Amercan drama is a good study but this drama is very difficult .

Doing for relaxation
I got a foot masssage today .
It 's kind of Tai - wan stayle massage .
It 's a kind of Tai - wan style massage .
I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explains what is wrong in my body .
I loved the massage shop where I went because the staff of the shop explained what is wrong in my body .
They said I 'm cold - natured and have poor blood flow .
In addition , the staff said correctly that I had problems with my lower back and my neck .
I was surprized at finding my health condition from my foot .
After that , I went to a fittness club which has bedrock bathing .
After that , I went to a fitness club which has bedrock bathing .
I feel relax to take a bedrock bath ^ ^
I felt relaxed to take a bedrock bath ^ ^
. . . but now I 'm very sleepy . . . zzz

cow tongue
I 'm went to Sendai to business trip today .
I went to Sendai as a business trip today .
The special product in Sendai is a cow tongue .
The special product of Sendai is a cow 's tongue .
I bought it and ate at home .
I bought it and ate it at home .
It was very delicious .
I want to eat its cow tongue again .
I want to eat this cow 's tongue again .

wake up !
I was woken up by my daughter today .
The daughter was woken up by my wife .
My daughter / She was woken up by my wife .
Who woke her up ?
The wife was woken up by my stertor .
The wife was woken up by my stertor / snoring .
hahaha .

Tomorrow I 'm going for BBQ ( I 'm sure this expression is wrong , but I do n't know how to say it ^ ^ ; ) in the river .
Where to do it and when we should leave is not decided yet !
Where to hold it and when we should leave has not been decided yet !
( I know that a long subject is not good in English , but how can I rewrite this ? )
Can you believe it ? ?
This time we leave everything to my friend , but I 'm kinda person who do n't feel at ease unless everything is perfect .
So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if It ' really going to be held .
So , even now I feel nervous , wondering if it 's really going to be held .

Am I busy ?
I am a person who enjoys her own leisure time .
And I want to live my life on my own pace .
And I want to live my life at my own pace .
Sleeping as long as I want everyday .
But I found it hard to achieve recently .
Because when I finished my classes , homeworks or jobs etc . . .
Because when I 've finished my classes , homework or jobs etc . . .
It 's nearly 10 pm when I back home .
It 's nearly 10 pm when I get back home .
And after I take a bath , brush my teeth , chat with my friends etc . . .
It 's nearlly 12 pm .
It 's nearly 12 pm .
Afterall , I want to at least healthly sleep before 12 pm .
tears . . . . .
These days I suffered many unhappy things .
I 've been suffering many unhappy things these days .
Maybe those matters were not so bad as the facts , but I really could 't handle them while they occured together . . . .
Maybe things are n't so bad own their own , but I really ca n't handle them when they occur together . . . .
English is one of my biggest problems .
I do n't know how to master this language well . . .
I do n't know how to master this language . . .
Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it seems that I hardly make any improvement has become a truth . . .
Though I spend most of my time and energy in learning English , it 's become apparent that I 've hardly made any improvement .
I do n't know why I have to learn English so hard . . ! ! !
I do n't know why it 's so hard for me to learn English ! ! !
Today , . .
I went to take the business English correspondence class as usual . . but this time . . .
our teacher said a sentence to me , which made me heart broken . .
our teacher said something to me that made my heart break . .
I had never knew my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English was sound illogically . . . .
I had never known my English was poor until the teacher told me that my English sounded illogical . . . .
I did n't know how I felt at that moment . .
but I did know my eyes were wet . .
and the tears nearly fell from my face . .

Summer holiday
Summer Holiday
I had long breaktime .
I had a long breaktime .
I should to study again .
I should study again .

It 's so cute .
Hello everyone .
I 'm got up at thirty past 6am in Japan .
I got up at 6 : 30am in Japan .
I found a very cute movie .
It 's so cute !

Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .
Hello ! Nice to meet you ! My name is Ailsa .
I joke name .
I am twenty - three years old .
I hope you make many friends of the lang - 8 .
I hope to make many friends on lang - 8 .
thank you everyone !
Thank you everyone !

Electioneering
Election will be done Augst 30 .
Elections will be held on August 30th .
Mayer is cheering Hamada minister of defence .
The Mayer is supporting Hamada for the minister of defense .
Hamada birong to Liberal Democratic Party .
Hamada belong 's to the Liberal Democratic Party .
This time they may be lost adoministration .
This time they may lose administration .
Democratic Party has more many supporters than them .
The Democratic Party has more supporters than they do .
Mayer is busy with election campaign and his own work .
The Mayer is busy with the election campaign as well as his own work .
I 'm going to do everyting for help him as his secretary .
I 'm going to helping him with his work as his secretary .

I went to Kanazawa university festival with my American friend .
I went to a Kanazawa University festival with my American friend .
It was fun .
I made good friend with Vietnamese .
I made a good friend with a Vietnamese .
We ate Ikayaki and Omurice there .
They were good .
After that we wemt for a drive to enjoy the autumn colors .
we enjoyed well .
We enjoyed it very much .
And we had a dinner with my another friends .
And we had dinner with my other friends .
We ate pizza and pasta .
We talked with each other and enjoyed our meals .
It 's a amazing day today .
. Today was an amazing day .

A bear at the washbowl
There is a bear at the washbowl in my house .
Of course , it is n't a real bear .
It is made of spnge : ) It is cute .
It is made of sponge : ) It is cute .
It waits at all times to clean the washbowl .
Yesterday , I learned that John Galliano was tried when I watched CNN news .
I was so surprised and sad .
I thought he was a wonderful designer , but he got into trouble .

I 'm going to study abroad in America .
I 've received the acceptance letter and scholarship decision from the Berklee College of Music .
I received an acceptance letter and scholarship from the Berklee College of Music .
I received the acceptance letter and scholarship decision from the Berklee College of Music . < This is good .
I 'll enter the Berklee in the fall semester this year .
I 'll enter / go to Berklee in the fall semester this year .
I 'll enter Berklee fall semester this year .
But I have two worries .
However I have two worries .
One of them is that my English is very clumsy yet .
One of them is that my English is still very clumsy .
Another is high - priced tuition .
Another is the high - priced tuition fees .
Another is the high cost of tuition .
Anyway , I 'm studying English at the TOEFL Institute these days .
Anyway , I 'm studying English at the TOEFL Institute these days .
The Berklee do n't requires a TOEFL score .
Berklee do n't requires a TOEFL score .
I 'm just attending the Institute to improve my English because I 'll have to take many classes in English .
Many assignments are given to me everyday .
I have a lot of assignments everyday .
It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make maximum efforts .
It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try to make my best effort .
It 's very difficult to do all of them , but I always try my best .

Self - Introduction
I live in Okinawa , the southwestern part of Japan .
I work for the Japan air self defense force .
I 'm laerning English , but it 's really difficult for me !
I 'm learning English , but it 's really difficult for me !
I want to get friends here and have my compositions corrected .
Thank you .

Irregular heartbeat
Several days ago , I got an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !
Several days ago , I had an irregular heartbeat for the first time in my life !
It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel a kind of discomfort around my heart .
It was like this ; I suddenly started to feel some sort of of discomfort around my heart .
Then I checked my pulse and found that there was a missing beat at intervals .
I was very scary because I had been very healthy so far .
I was very scared because I had been very healthy so far .
I thought , `` It 's so terrible !
I 'm still in the 20 's .
I 'm still in my 20 's .
Do I have to get along with it all my life ? ``
Do I have to live with it for the rest of my life ? ``
Then I went to the hospital and took an ECG .
The doctor told me that I did have a irregular pulse ossacionally but it was not a fatal one .
The doctor told me that I did occasionally have an irregular pulse but it was not a fatal one .
He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take an enough rest .
He added that it could get worse due to stress and fatigue , and he just advised me to take as much rest as needed .
I was releaved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis but I 'm still worried .
I was relieved to hear the doctor 's diagnosis , but I 'm still worried .
I did n't know that stress could induce an irregular heartbeat of a healthy young lady like me !
As the old saying goes , all illness comes from the mind .

How to write a reseach proposal ?
I think that may be a common question for those students want to pursue a higher education .
I think that may be a common question for those students who want to pursue higher education .
We seldom research something .
What Chinese universities offer for their students are mostly composed by coursework base curriculum .
What Chinese universities offer their students is mostly coursework based curriculum .
The show of our lives must go on , so does the application .
I 've sum up some points which I think important and useful .
I 've summed up some points which I think are important and useful .
You can count on google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resources of academic papers .
You can count on Google as your best friend , adviser and an almost infinite resource of academic papers .
Many of them you can download pdf copy , or If you ca n't download paper from the links scholar . google . com offer you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seemed and cited by potential readers .
Many of them you can download as a pdf copy , or if you ca n't download a paper from the links scholar . google . com offers you , go directly to the author 's website , many authors enjoy their paper to be seen and cited by readers .
A good review is the best start point .
A good review is the best starting point .
And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited to do a more in depth research in your interested area .
And then you can trace the author , or the paper cited , to do a more in depth research into your area of interest .
The balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .
The correct balance of width and depth of your reading is essential .
Both way have its merits and disadvantages .
Both ways have their merits and disadvantages .
Inovative and original idea is good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .
Innovative and original ideas are good , but if you can not find them , you should know that most of research work is just refinement of other 's work .
A practical plan and reasonable analysis is also worth a lot .

I 'll spend the next weeks on board of the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel making some geophysical research and learning .
I 'll spend the next few weeks / the coming weeks on board the `` Justo Sierra `` vessel carrying out some geophysical research and learning .
I 'm sure it 's going to be a terrific experience .
Bad thing , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .
The bad thing is , I have n't learned the vessel 's parts in English yet .
The bad thing is , I have n't learned the names of the vessel 's parts in English yet .
I need to study !

Please correct my English sentences ! ( 20090108 )
The thing that I want to make in January 2009 is to invest more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English every day here , Lang - 8 !
The thing that I want to do in January 2009 is to put in more effort in studying English and keep on writing sentences in English everyday here in Lang - 8 !
Thanks a lot !

I went to USJ yesterday with my friend .
It was so cold that I could not stop shivering .
However there were not so many people there , so we do not need to wait our turn outside .
However there were not so many people there , so we did n't need to wait our turn outside .
My friend worked part - time at USJ .
It looked like she was really having a great time !
So I wanted to work part - time at USJ , too .
I will go to Tokyo Disney Land in February .
I am really looking forward to it : )
It will be very cold .
So I must ptotect myself against the coldX (
I want to go to Walt Disney World someday ! ! !

Manga in English
I think that Manga is the great entertainment culture from Japan .
I think that Manga is the greatest form of entertainment in Japanese culture .
I think that Manga is a great entertainment media from Japan .
My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20st century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .
My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20th Century Boy , etc . ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .
My favorite writers are Naoki Urasawa ( The Monster , 20th century boy and more ) and Hiroya Oku ( Gantz ) .
By the way , I found some web sites that there are huge amount of Mangas that translated in English .
By the way , I found some web sites with a huge amount of Manga translated into English .
By the way , I 've found some web sites that have huge amounts of Mangas translated into English .
( I think no doubt about illegal . )
( I think they are no doubt illegal . )
( I 'm almost certain they 're illegal . )
It 's a new experience and very educational of English .
It 's a new experience and very educational for learning English .
It 's a new experience and very educational for my English .
But , I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in Mangas in English .
But I think that there are a lot of difficult expressions in English Manga .
But I think that there are a lot of difficult to translate expressions in Manga .

Diagnosed of being easily impressed
Diagnosed with being easily impressed .
Today , I was reviewing my previous entries and my comments .
I realized that I 'm that kind of people who are easily impressed .
I realized that I 'm the kind of person who is easily impressed .
I find lots of things fascinating .
I 'm moved by very simple things and other people might not even have a second look at .
I 'm moved by very simple things that other people might not even have a second look at .
For instance , I started watching Indian movies about a month ago .
For instance , I started watching some Indian movies about a month ago .
I have some friends who are crazy about this genre .
I , on the other hand , did n't have much time to watch any .
When I had the time , I brought about six Indian movies to watch .
When I had the time , though , I bought about six Indian movies to watch .
The first movie I watched , made me cry for two hours like a five year old who lost her doll .
The first movie I watched made me cry for two hours like a five - year - old who lost her doll .
You think the second one was different ?
Not at all .
The six movies have the same basic idea .
Actually all the Indian movies have the same basic idea .
Actually all Indian movies have the same basic idea .
However , I continued crying during the rest five and each one of them impressed me even more .
However , I continued crying during the rest of the five films and each one of them impressed me even more .
Indian movies are like clay that you can shape into many different shapes but they 're all still made of clay .
Indian movies are like clay that can be molded into many different shapes while still remaining clay .
The shape is what impresses me , and not the clay itself .
This concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have n't been in such situation .
This concept might be a bit ambiguous for those who have n't been in such a situation .
So , how bad is it ?

Still . . .
I still have got a cold .
I took a medicine , so I feel better for now .
I took some medicine , so I feel better for now .
sorry , that 's all for today .
Have a nice day : )

`` 450th times ``
`` 450 times ``
This is my 450th times diary .
This is my 450th diary .
I started keeping a diary around the 2008 .
I started keeping a diary around 2008 .
Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun time and solid time .
Thanks to the people all over the world , I 'm having a fun and solid time .
Changing the subject , I got my call from my friend yesterday .
Changing the subject , but I got a call from my friend yesterday .
She said `` I want to cancel the New York trip .
I recently out of shape . `` I was somewhat puzzied for an answer .
I was somewhat puzzled what to say .

Hello ! My name is Ken .
Hello ! My name is Ken .
I 'm study of English was started .
I just started studying English .
However , it is terrible and difficult .
However , it is terribly difficult .
I want to study more and to make a lot of friends .

The first Man in Rome
I am going to talk about the historical novel called `` The First Man in Rome `` by Colleen McCullough , who is a british woman writter .
The novel is about a important roman politican called Caius Marius .
The novel is about an important Roman politican called / named Gaius Marius .
He is de main character , although appearing others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and the Caesar 's grandfather .
He is the main character , although others like Cornelius Silla , Metelus , and Caesar 's grandfather also appear .
Marius did n't come from a important family , but he became in consul because he was a clever and popular general at roman army .
Marius did n't come from an important family , but he became a consul because he was a clever and popular general in the Roman army .
So , after he was chose consul by the romans , he went to Afrika where he fought againt Yugurta who was king of Numidia .
So , after he was made consul by the Romans , he went to Africa , where he fought against Yugurta , who was king of Numidia .
Marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years .
Marius won the war in two years , and when he went back to Rome he was made consul again for five years .
Marius won the war within two years , and when he went back to Rome he was chose consul again during five years .
Marius had to fright other tribes at north of Italy , until in 100 B .
Marius had to fight other tribes in the north of Italy , until 100 B .
he must leave the power because he got sick .
He had to step down from power because he got sick .

I went to school .
I love study .
I love studying .
I love to study .
By the way , Do you like study ?
By the way , do you like to study ?
I play basketball after school .
I think basketball play everyone .
Because one for all all for one .

super - flu
I 've just received a international call by my cellphone .
I 've just received an international call on my cellphone .
I was wondering if that was from my friend 's call .
I was wondering if it was from one of my friends .
But that 's from Korea 's quarantine depot ,
But it was from Korea 's quarantine depot ,
they 're conducting follow - up of super - flu for entry to Korea recently .
They asked me if we have fever and cold symptoms .
We do n't have this symptoms now .
We do n't have these symptoms right now .
If that helps , this picture is the information what gave us from Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned Japan .
If it helps , this picture is the information they gave us at Japan 's quarantine depot when we returned to Japan .

hey hey you you ! !
is everyone free ?
is anyone free ?
is anyone free ?
lets hang out with me in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD
lets hang out in tokyo ~ haha ~ xD
im soo free till next month .
im free until next month .
caz I don have a school until it ! !
cuz I don have a school until then ! !
because I do n't have school until then ! !
kinda lucky but not for me . being bored sucks .
I don like it .
I do n't like it .

An abstract concept of hapiness
Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt there are happiness somewhere in human 's life .
Although most people think about what happiness is like , most people never doubt that there is happiness somewhere in a human 's life .
A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst things for you is to be born in the world .
A famous man , I heard , said in the past that the worst thing for you is to be born in the world .
According to this , human 's life can be said to be leisure time to the end .
Do you think there are like happiness in reality ? ?

Please correct these sentences !
Sorry for a little academic .
I am just writing about the parents ' attitude when their children complain about chronic abdominal pain .
Is the below one OK ?
- - - - - - -
Trained parents who show distraction produces fewer childrens ' chronic functional abdominal symptoms than parents who show attention .

Let me introduce myself
Hello everyone ,
I 'm Makitys .
This is my nickname .
This is just my nickname .
I was born and grew up in Tokyo .
I studied applied physics and electronics at a university in Tokyo .
I studied at a university in Tokyo .
I took a bachelor 's degree of these subjects at the university .
I received a bachelor 's degree in applied physics and electronics .
After graduated from the university , I got a job as an engineer .
I changed jobs a few times but the same type of job as an engineer .
I changed jobs a few times but always kept the same type of job as an engineer .
I still work for an electronics maker in Japan as an engineer .
I currently work for an electronics maker in Japan as an engineer .
I 'm a single woman and live by myself .
My parents and a brother and a sister live in Tokyo .
My parents , brother , and sister live in Tokyo .
I moved to Fukuoka from Yokohama for business this January .
Fukuoka is located the northern part of Kyushu .
Fukuoka is located the northern part of Kyushu ,
Kyushe is a part of the Japanese Archipelago .
which is a part of the Japanese Archipelago .
( see the map I 've attached )
Fukuoka city is the biggest city in Kyushu .
Comparing with Tokyo , Fukuoka is compact but it is a very comfortable city .
Compared with Tokyo , Fukuoka is a compact but very comfortable city .
Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .
Commodity prices here are lower than those in Tokyo , and Fukuoka Airport is very near central Fukuoka .
You know , Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .
Narita Airport is far from central Tokyo .
It takes one hour from the airport to central Tokyo even if you take an expensive superexpress .
Moreover Tokyo is a very crowded city .
Moreover , Tokyo is a very crowded city .
One thing I unsatisfy to live here is that I 'm separated from my family .
One thing I do not like about living here is that I 'm separated from my family .
It takes much money to go see my parents from here .
It costs a lot of money to go see my parents from here .
I miss my family and relatives who live in Tokyo .
If you come to Fukuoka , please let me know !

English lesson for Halloween
An English lesson for Halloween
I 'm an elementary school teacher as you might know .
I 'm an elementary school teacher , as you might know .
In Japan , starting next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both 5th grade and 6th grade .
In Japan , starting next year we will officially have to teach English to 5th and 6th graders .
In Japan , starting [ from ] next year we 'll officially have to teach English to students who are in both the 5th and 6th grades .
I 've made some English classes , actually .
I have already made some English classes for the children .
Actually , I have already designed / planned some English classes .
Yesterday , I made an English lesson with ALT , which is an acronym for Assistant Language Teacher .
The lesson 's topic was Halloween .
The topic of the lesson was Halloween .
We provided some kinds activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they know it .
We provided activities to get the students not only to keep enjoying the lesson , but also to keep some vocabulary in mind before they learn it .
We provided activities so the students would not only enjoy the lesson but also introduce them to some vocabulary before they learnt it formally .
One of them is `` Halloween trivias and Bingo `` .
One of them is `` Halloween Trivia and Bingo `` .
One of them was `` Bingo : Halloween Trivia `` .
The student need to answer some questions about Halloween I 've prepared by playing Bingo .
The students need to answer questions about Halloween that I 've prepared by playing Bingo .
The more correctly they answer , the more Bingo they can get .
The more answers they get correct , the more Bingo they can play .
The more correct answers they have , the more Bingo squares they can cross out .
After the class , I asked the students to answer a questionnaire .
After the class , I asked the students to fill out a questionnaire .
I was very glad to find they liked the lesson .
I was very glad to find [ that ] they liked the lesson .
One of my ultimate goal as an English teacher is that all students look the world broadly .
One of my ultimate goals as an English teacher is that all students look at the world broadly .
One of my ultimate goals as an English teacher is that all my students look at the world broadly .
I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate people from other countries but also to know several cultural differences through the lesson .
I 'm sure you 'll have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate with people from other countries , but also to learn about several cultural differences through the lesson .
I 'm sure they will have plenty of opportunities not only to communicate with people from other countries but also to learn about cultural differences through the lesson .
I believe this will lead them to accepting more things .
I believe this will lead them to accepting more challenges .
I believe this will lead them to be more tolerant .
That 's why I 'm very excited with teaching studens English ! !
That 's why I 'm very excited to teach students English ! !
That 's why I 'm very excited to teach students English ! ! !

[ Diary ] 14 / 8 / 10 of Event
It is cloudy or rainy recently .
It is It 's been cloudy or and rainy recently .
Although my school was no lecture , I got up early in the morning today .
Although my school was no lecture does n't have a lecture , I got up early in the morning today .
I ate a piece of toast putting butter and cinnamon sugar and went to a coin laundry near my house to wash my clothes because I do not have clothes washer in my house .
It cost six dollars to washing and cost six dollars to the dryer .
It cost six dollars to washing for the laundry and cost six dollars to for the dryer .
When I washing ended , it was evening .
When I washing ended , it was evening . Laundry ended till evening .
I went to the cake shop in the city my friend introduced to me as nice taste and famous .
I went to the cake shop in the city that my friend introduced to has been telling me and it has a as nice taste and famous .
The shop of inner decorating was green .
The shop of inner decorating decors was green .
After came back home , I cooked dinner , and the dinner was prawn & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .
After I came went back home , I cooked dinner , and the food for dinner was were prawns & avocado salad , roast chicken and OTAMA SAN GOHAN .
First , cut lettuce , cut coarsely a tomato and then stair - fly some prawns .
First , I cut the lettuce , cut coarsely a the tomato coarsely and then stair - fly fry some prawns .
Stair - fry it until it became golden brown .
The roast chicken only heated up with oven .
The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .
The OTAMA SAN GOHAN is Japaneseonly traditional food .
It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch of the soy source on warm rice .
It only sprinkles the raw egg and a pinch dash of the soy source on warm rice .
They were easy cooking but they tasted nice ! !
They were easy to cooking but they tasted nice ! !
After that I watched two movie , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hour .
After that I watched two movies , animation of genius boy and 007 , on TV for approximately four hours .
So I felt tired my eyes and butt .

Thank you ( The letter to my daughter 's English teacher )
My 4 - years - old daughter goes to an English lesson since when we decided to move to Singapore for 3 months .
She is interested in speaking English and writing alphabets now thanks to the teacher .
This is the letter below .
I appreciate to teach English to my daughter .
I appreciate you teaching English to my daughter .
She was always looking forward to your lesson .
Your lessons were energetic and so much fun .
When we decided her to go to a international school that only few Japanese go to , we noticed she had to start to study English immediately because she could n't speak English at all .
I was looking for English class around here .
I was looking for an English class around here .
At first we found a flyer at the play room .
We thought just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that I want to go to the lesson again .
We thought about just taking a trial lesson , but she told me that she wanted to go to the lesson again .
I am very surprised to her progress .
I am very surprised about her progress .
Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing alphabets and sings WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?
Now she is very interested in speaking English , writing the alphabet ( words ) and singing WHAT ' S YOUR NAME ?
song everyday .
Her progress owe to you .
We owe her progress to you
What your children speaking only English are same class is also good for her .
It will be base after she will go to new school .
It will be a base when she goes to a new school .
If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I wanted to have your lessons !
If I did n't need to take care of my kids , I would want to take your lessons !
When you come to Singapore , please contact us .
It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and available Haneda airport .
It is very easy to come with kids because it is clean , safe , just a 1 - hour time difference and close to the Haneda airport .
We are looking forward to seeing you and your children someday somewhere .
Thank you very much .
Thank you for all the staff and class mates .
Take care .
Best regard .

Basaballgame
Yesterday I went to the stadium to see the baseball game .
After classes of university , I went back home directly , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .
After , university classes , I went directly back home , prepared packages and searched what time I should leave home and which trains I should take .
I went there with my friends .
The team I cheer is located in second position .
And if the team win 8 games , the team will get first position .
And if the team wins 8 games , the team will get first position .
But remainder of its games is 9 games .
But / However the remainder of its games is 9 games .
Therefore it is so difficult for it to get first position .
Therefore it is difficult for it to get first position .
The game began .
The starting pithier was not good , so that the opposition could get 3 points easily .
The starting pitcher was not good , therefore the opposition got 3 points easily .
But in this attack they could n't get any points .
So in this game we lost .
We cheered very hard , but the miracle was never happened .
We cheered very hard , but the miracle never happened .
So today I have a sore throat .
That 's about it for today .
See you again / /

My hobbies
I have some hobbies .
Those are playing sports , reading a book , lithening to music , taking a walk and so on .
Those are such things as playing sports , reading books , listening to music , taking walks .
My favorit hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .
My favorite hobby is talking with my friends , because I think it is the best time to be with my friends .
I gained about 10 kilograms after I quitted my clubs in high school .
I gained about 10 kilograms after I quit my clubs in high school .
That 's why I have to lose my weight ! ! !
That 's why I have to lose some weight ! ! !
So , I jog and exercise always .
So , I always jog and exercise . (
I wanna have the six - pack ! ! haha
I wanna have a six - pack ! ! haha

This weekend three holidays in Japan .
This weekend , there are three holidays in Japan .
Saturday , Sunday and Monday close .
They are on Saturday , Sunday and Monday .
Monday is Equinox 's day
Monday is EquinoxDay .
It will gradually be warm .
It will gradually become warm .
Japanese are waiting cherry blossoms in this season .
Japanese are waiting for cherry blossoms in this season .

What might be some of the causes of over - weight or obesity in the US ?
Last English lesson , we discussed it .
There are some of causes , such as high calorie food , laziness . . .
In Japan , there are a lot of fast food restaurants around town . convenience store too . we can easily get food . same circumstance in the U .
S . but most Japanese people are not obese .
A teacher asked it `` why `` .
that is probably a result of lack of self control to eating .
I go to study English on Sundays .
Sometimes I ca n't explain what I thought and I ca n't come up with good idea thinking in English .
But , the moment I just touched the door knob at my home , I got my answer .
`` School lunch `` and `` Education of dietary `` could be good effect of self control to eating .
All of public primary school provide lunch for students .
That was wonderful system .
The nutritionist organized calorie control , a variety of menu every day , providing best season 's food , traditional meal .
Through school lunch , students learn many kind of taste , knowledge of food and Japanese culture for six years at least .
once every three time a day though , It makes good habit and health .
How about my opinion ?

a lot of workload
2010 . 3 . 26
Today My worklord were so many .
Yesterday was also .
Yesterday was the same .
But Next week I will go on a business trips .
But Next week I will go on business trips .
I had to prepare for them .
Tomorrow I have a little work .
Tomorrow I do n't have much work .
I will go library and cafe to study electronics after that .
I will go to the library and to the cafe to study electronics after that .
Today 's music .
Claud Nugaro sings `` La Javanaise `` .
Wonderful voices .
Thanks for reading .

I went to a play .
My friend starred on the play .
My friend starred in the play .
I and she became friend when we were junior high school student .
She and I became friends when we were junior high school students .
We friendships for more than 10 years .
Our friendships has lasted for more than 10 years .
But I did n't know she is an actress .
I saw her play first time today .
I saw her act for the first time today .
I was moved .
I think I hope to continue a play for her .

Holiday is over .
Today is Japanese National holiday .
Today is a Japanese National holiday .
So I took three - day weekend .
So I took a three - day weekend .
But Because of being rainy yesterday to today , I and my family could n't enjoy .
Since it was rainy yesterday and today , My family and I could n't enjoy it .
Children were playing games very longtime .
Children were playing games for a very longtime .
I ca n't help it .

reading diary
Tonight I read and corrected many diaries .
I might be make a mistake when corrected English .
But I think it 's good way to learn from my mistake .
I tried to correct Thai language for who wrote in Thai .
It 's also fun to read Thai writting from a non native speaker .
I started to practice my English since I 've started my journey aboard .
And realized how language could help you know more people .
And realized how languages can help you know more people .
Reading English language make me feel very happy .
Reading English make me feel very happy .
Then when I went to Japan .
My English could not help me
anymore .
I am impressed my life at there very much .
I was impressed with my life there very much .
I only told them in English language .
I only told them in English
It would be good if I could speak
that it would be good if I could speak
Japanese .
I could not writting Japanese or understand .
Japanese culture is interesting but Japanese people is quiet ,
It 's difficult to know what are in their mind .
So I started to reading japanese book which translate to Thai language .
I do n't want to take Japanese class .
It 's might be boring .
It might be boring .
So decide to learn by nature . . . viewing Japanese anime
and remember Kanji which I like ^ _ ^
and remembering Kanji that I like ^ _ ^
I learn a lot from Japanese food . . .
Japanese food is available every corner in Thailand .
Japanese food is available at every corner in Thailand .

Coincidence
I think a birds of a feather flock together .
I think / believe birds of a feather flock together .
The otehr day I met one of my classmate in high school at a station for the first time in fifteen years .
The other day , I met one of my classmate from high school at a station , for the first time in fifteen years .
She is a teacher as well .
I 'm English teacher .
I 'm an English teacher .
She is teacher for walking and posture .
On the other hand , she teaches correct walking and posture .
What a coincidence .
We had small talk ( short talk ? ) there , and left .
We made small talk / had a short conversation there and left .
When I started to walk , I thought I want to talk with her more !
When I started to walk , I had an urge of wanting to talk with her more !
So I shouted her name and stopped her .
So I called out to her and stopped her .
We exchange our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .
We exchanged our contact info and decided to meet again very soon .
We met two weeks ago , I felt strange , because we did n't meet each other for many years , but we have many things to tell each other .
We met once more two weeks ago , I felt strange / nostalgic then because we had n't met each other for many years , but still we had many things ( that we wanted ) to tell each other .
Plenty of things to talk , but not enough time .
Plenty of things to talk about , but there was n't sufficient time .
We should n't sort people into level , but I believe we are living in same level ( same category , same world ) .
We should n't sort people into levels / types / categories and I believe we are ( all ) living on the same level ( same category , same world ) .
That 's why we could meet again !

I had to endure a long long flight to get to Spain .
Changing planes , it took nearly 15 hours in total from Nagoya to Barcelona .
Each seat has a small TV screen , with which we can see movies , listen to music , play games and you name it .
I do n't like watching a close screen so I killed time reading something .
I do n't like watching a screen when it 's too close so I killed time reading something .
It was really wearing .
I will write details about my trip tomorrow .

The catcher in the rye
Today , I read `` The catcher in the rye `` as a summer homework .
Today , I read `` The Catcher in the Rye `` as a summer homework assignment .
To say the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought a masterpiece .
To tell the truth , I could not understand why this book is thought of as a masterpiece .
Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not so excited or moved .
Because I did n't feel bored when I was reading it , but I was not very excited or moved .
But I like the characters in the book , because they are very characteristic .
If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think interesting .
If you had read the book , please tell me which part you think is interesting .

21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm university student .
21 . 12 . 2012 * * * I 'm a university student .
Hi , I 've started lang - 8 .
Hi , I 've started Lang - 8 .
I learn to speak English and find friends here .
I want to learn English and find friends here .
Whe do n't you become friends ?
Can we become friends ?
I 've lived in london since 2005 - 2008 .
I lived in London from 2005 to 2008 ,
but I cant speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )
But I ca n't speak English . . . ( ; _ ; )
so please teach me English ! !
So please teach me English ! !
I 'll graduate the university in 2012 .
I graduate from university in 2012 .
I will graduate from my university in 2012 .
Now , I 'm doing job hunting .
so I want to exchange information about job around the world .
so I want to exchange information about my job around the world .
So I want to exchange information about jobs from around the world .

concert tickets
I called for refund the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .
I called for a refund for the Park Yong - ha concert tickets .
I heard send money by registered mail by August 13th .
I heard that they send money by registered mail by August 13th .

Culture of shames
Culture of shame
Foreign medias admire that Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting .
Foreign media admires how Japanese people are behaving calmly , organised and in a supporting manner .
But it 's common for we Japanese .
But it 's common for us Japanese .
We think that having trouble others is very bad thing and shameful .
We think that making trouble for others is a very bad and shameful thing .
Every parent want their children not to have trouble others .
Every parent wants their children not to trouble others .
Japanese have grown rice which need to help each other in the community the past .
In the past , Japanese grew rice which was needed to help others in the community .
So getting along with people in the community is very important .
When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , this ethics is in Japanese gene .
When parents scold ill - mannered children they use the same phrase `` I 'm too ashamed to face people . `` Though this phrase is not so common to young parents , these ethics are in Japanese genes .

Hello World
Hi everyone !
This is my first post here .
I 'd be glad if you correct my mistakes .
It would be great if you correct my mistakes .
By the way , it 's Christmas morning .
I say Merry Christmas to you all .
Thanks a lol .
Thanks a . lot .

Day 74 : I lied today .
I did n't know why I lie but at that time I was blank I = out .
I did n't know why I lied , but at that time I blanked out .
It was a job I seeked from the news paper .
It was about a job I sought from the news paper .
Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is sticktly prohibit to go to have a job .
Although I know a private school student like me in Singapore is stictly prohibit to go to have a job .
I am still go to the place and try my luck .
I am still going to the place to try my luck .
When the auntie ask me what kind of pass I am holding .
When my auntie asked me what kind of pass I held .
I felt totally nervous and words came out from my mouth : I was a student and holding a student pass .
Many of my friends went to work .
She has no doubt at me and told me to go tomorrow to meet the other people ( maybe is the HR staff )
I was going to afraid what am I gon na do tomorrow . .
Having a job here is good .
But for me I am more focus on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .
But for me I am more focused on learning the experience through working and communicating with others .
By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which is only last for two weeks .
By the way , the job is really a short - term job ( seller ) , which only lasts for two weeks .
And I am having my long holidays here .

Today I saw a movie - Twilight .
Today I saw a movie called Twilight .
I like this movie very much !
I 've seen a lot of movies and cartoons about vampires .
But some of them make me feel disgusting .
But some of them made me feel disgusted .
There are always so much blood , people are so thirsty .
But Twilight is different .
Edward was cute , he cared about Bella .
Edward is cute , he cared about Bella .
And Bella was a strong girl .
And Bella is a strong girl .
She was n't afraid of Edward .
Sometimes I think being a vampire is good .
They do n't need to sleep , they run fast , they are sensitive .
But they ca n't eat food !
Aha , so I ca n't be a vampire , I like food !

We are the champions in Asia !
Yesterday , Japan national soccer team played against Australia .
Yesterday , Japan 's national soccer team played against Australia .
The game was the final of Asia Cup in 2011 .
It was the final match of the Asian Cup 2011 .
Five days ago , Japan team played 120 minutes , including extra times , against South Korea , furthermore , the average of height of Australia team is taller than Japan .
Five days ago , Japan played 120 minutes , including extra time , against South Korea , furthermore , the average height of the Australian team is taller than Japan .
So I thought most of the Japan members are tired and the game is very hard for Japan team .
So I thought most of the Japanese members would be tired and the game would be very hard for them .
As I thought , the game was very hard for Japan .
The game was into extra time two times in a row from semi - final game for Japan .
The game went into extra time twice in a row in the semi - final game for Japan .
However , at 110 minute , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !
However , at 110 minutes , Lee , who came off the bench , got the goal !
He became `` the Cinderella boy `` , or the hero , overnight .
I 'm very glad to win Japan team !
I 'm very glad that Japan won !

Love Karaoke
Do you like singing songs ?
Do you like singing ?
Do you like singing ?
I like very much .
I like to sing very much .
Today , I went to a karaoke box with my son and naighbors .
Today , I went to the karaoke box with my son and neighbors .
I sung so many songs and brewed my stress .
I sang so many songs and relieved my stress .
I sang so many songs and this relieved my stress .
My favorite karaoke songs are Seiko Matsuda 's .
My favorite karaoke songs are by Seiko Matsuda .
Her songs are easy to sing , familiar with many people and rytmycal .
Her songs are easy to sing to , known by many people , and they also have good rhythms .
Her songs have good rhythms , are easy to sing , and popular .
I had a relaxed time .
I had a relaxing time .
Today I might fall asleep soon .
Today I might fall asleep soon .
Good Night !

Maybe I got a guitar to my father long ago .
Long ago , my father got a guitar .
I mean . . .
maybe he 's still its owner .
h He 's still the owner .
I do n't know but I often use it more than him . . .
I do n't know but I often use it more than him .
Anyway , I practice `` change the world `` .
Do my best !
I 'll do my best !

it is rainning today ~
it is the season of cherry trees in japan now .
It is the season of cherry trees in Japan right now .
all most japanese people have loved them for a long time .
there are some reason why we love it .
Here are some reason why we love them .
the time from bloom to falling is very early .
The time from bloom to falling is very early .
it is like human life .
It is like a human life . ( tatemae ! )
and we can enjoy drinking ^ ^
it is a lot of fun to drink seeing them .
It is a lot of fun to drink while seeing them .

Today I was uncomfortable .
I 'm headache , tired and no appetite .
I had a headache , was tired , and had no appetite .
Sleeping all day untill I had to work .
I slept all day until I had to work .
I 'm afraid I got H1N1 .
I hope the symptoms will dispear when I wake up tomorrow .
Shanghai friends
The day before yesterday , I hanged around with one of the chines friends .
The day before yesterday , I hung around with one of my Chinese friends .
we went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .
We went to JINMAO OBSERVATORY88 .
it was rather high building .
It was a rather high building .
After that time , while seeing landscapes , I could know about the basis of chinese politics .

Do you know me ?
Do you know me ?
I am a hero .
I am a hero .
But I am a robot who is handled by remote control tool .
But I am also a robot who is handled by a remote control .
fourtunely , That one is a boy with justice .
Fortunately , I am a hero of justice .
So I called The hero with justice .
So I am called , `` The Hero of Justice . ``
I am called `` tetuzin 28 go `` , means iron man No . 28 .
My name is `` Tetuzin 28 go `` , which means `` iron man No . 28 `` .
I am called `` tetuzin 28 go , `` which means iron man No . 28 .
But you should think once more .
If remote control tool is taken by evil person .
If the remote control is taken by an evil person ,
I am a really hero with justice .
I am truly a hero of justice though .
will I really be a hero of justice ?
Where does he stands ?
Where am I ?
Where does he stand ?
hint : in Japan .
Hint : In Japan .

I went to Okinawa ! !
I went to Okinawa last month with my son and my boyfriend .
Okinawa is southern part of Japan so it was hot there .
Okinawa is in the southernmost part of Japan so it was hot there .
We enjoyed snorkel !
We enjoyed snorkeling !
We went to the beach which is at an desert island near Naha .
We went to the beach which is an desert island near Naha .
I felt like in dream because the sea was so beautiful and a lot of fish .
I felt like I was in dream because the sea was so beautiful and there was a lot of fish .
And We went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .
And we went to Okinawa Prefectural Peace Memorial Museum .
I think that we shoud never happen the war .
I think that the war should never of happened .
We should never kill another people .

friend 's birthday
Today was the day of my chinese friend 's birthday .
Today was my chinese friend 's birthday .
She is the 26 years old woman and work for travel agency .
She is a 26 year - old woman who works for a travel agency .
Besides , she is pursuing model career in Japan .
In addition , she is pursuing a modeling career in Japan .
We met night club in Tokyo .
We met at a night club in Tokyo .
Dreams is different , but I think we are similar in terms of pursue own dreams .
Our dreams are different , but I think we are similar in that we both want to pursue our own dreams .
I feel like her a sister .
I wonder what I give her present , so could you give me some advice ?
I wonder what I should give her as a present , so could you give me some advice ?

Foreigners baby
Foreign baby
I can meet foreigners if I go to city in Tokyo but I wo n't be able to meet a foreigners baby .
I can meet foreigners if I go to the city area in Tokyo , but I wo n't be able to meet a foreign baby .
It 's only adult or childs that I can meet .
It 's only adult or children that I meet .
I like a baby so I 'm always like to meet a foreigners baby if I have an oppotunity .
I like babies so I 'm always looking forward to meet a foreign baby
I could met a foreigners baby at supermarket .
He was so lovely .
I had been watching at him and his dad talked to me .
He 's living for 10 years in Japan so he likes to talk with Japanese people .
He has been living in Japan for 10 years and he likes to talk with Japanese people .
He wants to learn Japanese skill .
I think our language skill was even .
I think our language skills were even .
He wants his baby to speak Japanese so He 's learning Japanese everyday .
He wants his baby to speak Japanese so he 's learning Japanese everyday .

Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't introduced into Taiwan .
Recently , I 'm fascinated with a TV series named `` How I met your mother . `` ( Though I do n't watch it on TV but the Internet because is has n't been introduced into Taiwan .
And thank God it 's Friday night so that I have time to watch the newest episode .
This sitcom is talking about a man named Ted telling a story about how he found his true love to his children .
Well , however , Ted has n't seen the `` lucky `` women from season 1 to 4 .
My favorite character is Barney which is not only a successful businessman but a humorous friend of Ted 's .
He always make his own theory about life !
He always makes his own theory about life !
Except the humor in the series , another reason why I love this sitcom is that I am looking forward to a close , meaningful relationship like the one between Ted and his friends .
Hope our TV station can bring the series into Taiwan soon !

A second date
Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , alone with an open mind about dating which nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .
Today , since people turn out to be more and more rational and have higher demands about the opposite sex , along with an open mind about dating which has nurtured tons of different reality dating shows .
Some of them are really funny , but some are absurd .
I believe one of these shows is a romance killer .
This show features with `` Parents dating Guys `` .
This show features `` Parents dating Guys `` .
The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who is not even on the scene , by the way , about whether should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .
The process is like this , the girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters who , by the way , is not even on the scene about whether they should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .
The process is like this : The girl 's parents will meet the guys first , then they will make the decision for their own daughters , who is not even on the scene by the way , about whether they should give this guy a chance to go out for a date with their daughters or not .
Ridiculous ? !
Dont understand why so many people are into these stuff , I deceided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .
I do n't understand why so many people are into this stuff , I decided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by following my own style .
I do n't understand why so many people are into this stuff . Anyway , I decided to arrange some nice dates for my friends by / following my own style / doing it my way .
A date which can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .
A date that can exude both parties ' warmth and charisma .
Sounds a lit bit tricky ?
Sounds a little bit tricky ?
Haha , I just did it in the easiest way , chose a good restaurant , put two nice people together and let them talk !
Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere which allows them to be theirselves and enjoy the moment .
Without audiences , love judges , parents , just a friendly and private atmosphere , which allows them to be themselves and enjoy the moment .
Last night was a second date I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !
Last night was the second date ( that ) I arranged for my friend and hopefully they can work things out !
Crossing my fingers for them ^ _ ^ ! ! ! lol

play two roles
playing the two roles
I 'm a business worker weekday and a student at graduate school 3days in a week .
I 'm a employee on a weekday and a student at graduate school for the three days in a week .
I 'm an employee on weekdays and a student at graduate school for three days a week .
I enrolled the school in this April .
I enrolled the school in April .
I enrolled into the school in April .
Hard home work is required sometimes , but it is funny to get new knowledge and thought .
Hard work is required sometimes , but obtaining a new knowledge is nice .
Hard work is required sometimes , but obtaining new knowledge is nice .
In the business , I challenge a task that I have not ever done .
I am challenging a task that I have not ever done in the business .
this is also very valuable for me .
This is also very valuable to me .

Meeting the Challenge and Grasping the Opportunity
Without fail where there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .
Without fail when there 's great need , great hearts and minds rise up to meet the challenge .
Two mouth later , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .
In two months , my professor will take some students to Ohio university in America for a month .
But who wants to go there , he must pass the exam and the interview .
But whomever wants to go there , must pass the exam and interview .
Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherich this opportunity .
Going abroad is my dream , so I really cherish this opportunity .
It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , boarden my horizon , and enjoy the foreign customs , and also realize my dream .
It is a good chance to strengthen my knowledge , broaden my horizon , enjoy foreign customs , and also realize my dream .
Without any means , what I can do now is to improve my poor English , speaking more , listening more and reading more and so on .
Without any means to improve my poor English I can try speaking more , listening more , reading more , and so on .
In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on and keep on making it , whatever how difficult it is .
In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on doing my best , no matter how difficult it is .
Once you make up your mind , so persevere in doing it .
Once you make up your mind , persevere in doing it .
Yangyang , come on , you can do it .
Yes , you can .
Er . . . but how to start ?

Got the gold medal .
I have been looking for correct my English diary .
Today , I finally found nice site .
I was suprised when I found it . I have been study English for 2years . Because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .
I was suprised when I found it . I have been studying English for 2 years because I want to make a lot of friends all over the world .
Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , he got the gold medal .
Yesterday , Kitajima Kousuke who is a breast stroke swimmer , got the gold medal .
I was excited , He marked new world record . He got it the second time .
He moved to tears when he won .
He is smaller than other people . But he did it .
He is smaller than most people but he did it .
I impressed very much .
I was very impressed .

Icy , Snow - covered Trees
Today 's pictures are icy , snow - covered trees at the top of Mt .
They are illuminated during night .
They are illuminated during the night .
They were very beautiful , and they looked as if they were large creatures !
The top of the mountain was very cold although I worn a snowboard wear .
The top of the mountain was very cold , even though I was wearing snowboard gear .
I hope I wo n't get cold . : )
I hope I do n't catch a cold . : )

Wish You Happy In Paradise
Wishing You Happiness In Paradise
I was really shocked by the death of Stephen Gately .
I just listened his Boyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .
I just listened to his bandBoyzone 's brilliant song `` No Matter What `` on the way back home .
Stephen is cute and brave but now he is gone .
Stephen was cute and brave but now he is gone .
When I was in junior high school everything seems boring and no meaning , also I did poorly in study .
When I was in junior high school everything seemed boring and meaningless , and I also did poorly in my studies .
One day , I was failed to pass the examination .
One day , I failed anexam .
At that time I have no place to go , parentes hate a underachieved me but suddenly a fair - sounding floating to my ear ' I ca n't deny what I believe I ca n't be what I 'm not ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .
At that time I had no place to go ; my parents hatedwhen I underachieved but suddenly a fair - sounding voice floated to my ear . ' I ca n't deny what I believe , I ca n't be what I 'm not . ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .
Your lovely face look like a ray of hope .
Your lovely face looked like a ray of hope .
Wish you happy in paradise
I wish you happiness in paradise .

Pay attention .
With knowing comes caring , with caring there is an hope that we can find an enduring place within the natural system that supports us .
With knowing comes caring , and with caring there is hope that we could make way for a healthy environment that sustains us .
An environmistalist said in TED .
Oil has been flooding in the gulf of Mexico for three months .
[ Independent paragraph ] Oil has been flooding the gulf of Mexico for three months .
There has been only 15 days without war since human being started recording of history which means uncountable people have been killed and killing at the same time .
[ Independent paragraph ] There has been only 15 days without war since the beginning of humanity , which means an uncountable number of people have been killed and been killing at the same time .
On the other side of the world , a great number of people live in less than 1 dollar .
[ Independent paragraph ] On the other side of the globe , a great number of people live on less than a dollar .
Apparently , the world is lopsided .
Clearly , the world is lopsided .
All of a sudden , I am wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside , watching lots of news as CNN or New York Times play out .
Watching CNN and reading The New York Times , I am suddenly wondering how many of us believe we know what 's going on outside our own little world .
Whether things they play out are plausiable or not , one thing we need to know is that when you try to know what is true , you might be able to help anything that can chage the world in a baby step .
Pay attention .

Diary 2011 / 7 / 6
I 'm building an algorithm of computer program even when I have a dream in the night , because I 'm doing computer program all day long .
I 'm building computer program algorithms even when I am dreaming at night , because I 've been doing computer programs all day long .
It was n't correct algorithm , it 's like a block puzzle .
It was n't the correct algorithm , I am trying to make a block puzzle .
I 'm piling that blocks up or sorting or something .
The program will be piling blocks up or sorting them or doing something else .

I went to Tokyo to work in Japan . - - - Part - 6
For 10 month , I studied Java and Japanese .
For 10 months , I studied Java and Japanese .
It was particularly so very difficulty to study Japanese .
It was particularly difficult to study Japanese .
( It was very hard to study Japanese . )
Really , I though `` could I do make it ? ``
Actually / Honestly , I wondered `` can I do this ? ``
Actually , at one point , I thought to myself , `` Can I do it ? ``
Sometime , I felt frustrated and despairing .
Sometimes , I felt frustrated and despaired .

On next Wednesday , the economics seminor softball match will take place .
Next Wednesday , the economics seminar softball match will take place .
I have hardly played neither baseball nor softball , so I practiced today after school .
I had played for 7 years , so I like almost all sports .
However , the experience of volleyball is not always working well for softball because of a form difference .
However , the experience of volleyball does not transfer well in softball because the form is different
Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to playing the game ! !
Anyway , I 'm really looking forward to play the game ! !

I start to learn English by Lang - 8 .
I am a grad student .
I must to read a literature , which wrote in English .
I must to read literature , which is written in English .
So , I start to learn English for the first time in a decade .
So , I am starting to learn English for the first time in a decade .

Board Meeting
I will have a board meeting tomorrow .
I am an auditor of the construction company .
I am an auditor of a construction company .
Today Japanese construction industry faces serious crisis .
Today the Japanese construction industry faces a serious crisis .
I want to improve this situation .

about reading books
when someone ask me , what 's your fovorite things
When someone asks me , `` What 's your favorite thing ? ``
I 'll respond like that `` my hobby is reading books , ``
I 'll respond , `` My hobby is reading books , ``
in fact , most people who are fill out their blank of Hobby ,
In fact , most people , when asked about their hobby ,
is not really love to read books ,
they would n't usually answer that they `` love to read books `` .
but I really enjoy reading , , not only books , but papers , articles ,
and magazins ,
and magazines ,
to read some sentenses is stimurate my Brain ,
maybe in my Brain , now making new accese of ENG nulln ( synaps )
thanks for reading and fix wrong sentences , ,
thanks for reading and fixing my wrong sentences , ,
ps : if you have another more good expression what more use in native comunity and more naturely , I want to learn GOOD sentences , ,

All day working !
Today is a busy day for me .
Today was a busy day .
Today was a busy day .
I have a all day working .
I have been working non - stop .
It 's means that I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .
I have to work from 9 : 00a . m . to 10 : 00 p . m .
Working in a bookstore is busy but exciting .
You can learn a lot of things , like how to use a kind of pen , and meet a lot of people , even they are not always very kind .
You get to experience a lot of things , like how to use different kinds of pens , and meet a lot of people , even if they are not always very kind . *
You can learn a lot of things , like how to use different kinds of pens , and meet a lot of people . Even if they are not always kind .
I have to work now .
It 's too short in break time .
Our break time is too short .

Be leaving
How time flies !
I will graduate from this college in two months . my major is English teaching , and I have got a job as an English teacher in a middle school .
Now the only task is to finish my thesis .
Is it real that I have to leave this college in two months ?
Oh , how wanderful the college life is !
Oh , how wonderful the college life is !
I do n't want to leave this school and to be a teacher .
Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be simiple as that in college .
Once you get into the society , your life won ' 't be as simple as that in college .
I have n't been prepared to face all the things .
Because it is such big change in my lifetime .
Anyway , I will cherish the rest of my college life .
The four years ' college life will be a colourful and precious memory for me forever ,

We may win a trip to NY !
I 'm participating in a university contest involving some tests ( I do n't feel test is the best word . . . can you think of a better one ? ) , all about the Millenium Objetives stated by the UNO .
After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for the people to vote their faouvorite on the web .
After each team submits its proposal , there 's a week for people to vote for their faouvorite on the web .
After that , a jury scores / rates each one , and so the winner for each test is chosen .
There 's a final prize for the three ones scoring highest at the end of the contest : they all can enrol for free in a postgrade major course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their career ) .
There 's a final prize for the three highest scoring teams at the end of the contest . They all can enroll for free in a postgraduate course ( or a language one , if they have n't finished their degree ) .
Additionally , the first team get to travel to New York !
Additionally , the first team gets to travel to New York !
We won last test , and each of the components of our team got a mobile phone .
We won the last test , and each of the members of our team got a mobile phone .
As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small nokia with wifi .
As I had just bought a Motorola Milestone ( the european version of Droid ) , I gave it to my father , who 's actually very happy with it , since it 's a cute small Nokia with wifi .
We go firsts now , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who go third win this time .
We 're going first next time , but since they try to give one prize to a different team each time , we expect the jury to make the ones who are going third win this time .
But we still hope we win at last and visit USA ! !
But we still hope we win in the end and visit USA ! !
Wish us luck : )

At Tokyo Disney Resort ! ! !
I went to Tokyo Disney Resort in February 8th and 9th with boyfriend .
I went to Tokyo Disney Resort on February 8th and 9th with my boyfriend .
In the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .
On the first day , we went to Tokyo Disney Sea .
We rode many attractions and we did shopping in a lots of kind shop .
We rode many attractions and we did shopping in many kinds of stores .
My favorite attraction was Indiana Jones .
I recommend it !
In the second day , we went to Tokyo Disney Land and we appreciated Cirque du Soleil .
We enjoyed Mickey 's Philhar Magic .
It is new attraction .
It is a new attraction .
On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was so impressive show .
On the other hand , Cirque du Soleil was such an impressive show .
We excited the show !
We were excited at the show !
We enjoyed so much this trip .
We enjoyed so much on this trip .
I want to stay more ; (
Please correct this sentence .

Today 's lesson
Today , it was really cold .
I 'm sick of spend in cold weather every day .
I 'm sick of cold weather every day .
I love Sommer .
I love Sommer . summer .
I 'm eagerly waiting for Sommer come .
I 'm eagerly waiting for summer to come .
Anyway , I went to english school before work .
Steeven tought me today .
Steven taught me today .
We did n't talk about the content of textbook much , but we could talk a lot of each other 's favorite country , city , food and something special experience .
We did n't talk about the content of the textbook much , but we talked a lot about each other 's favorite country , city , food and special experiences .
It was really nice .

It was hot today .
the weather got hot nearly , becauce the air conditioner of our office was broken , I could n't study at office .
The weather got really hot . Becauce the air conditioner in our office was broken , I could n't study at the office .
but it close to the text of graduate school , I must work hard to study english , I am stress every day
But it 's getting near to the date of my graduate school test so , I must work hard to study english . I feel stressed every day

Shinkansen
I 'm proud of Shinkansen .
I 'm proud of the Shinkansen .
This is the symbol of a lot of technologies in Japan .
Last month I rode a Sanyo Shinkansen train .
I was surprised at the quiet of the Shinkansen .
I was surprised at the quietness of the Shinkansen .
I was able to read a book comfortably although the train ran very fast .

yesterday I saw weather forecast
Yesterday I saw the weather forecast
yesterday I saw weather forecast which informed that today will rain all day long .
Yesterday I saw the weather forecast which informed that today it will rain all day long .
Yesterday I saw a weather forecast which informed me that today it would rain all day long .
As soon as I woke up this morning , I checked outside .
I opened window but it was not rain .
I opened window but it was not raining .
It was warm fine day .
It was a warm fine day .
It was a fine warm day .
During the day I waited rain as look up the sky and I was thinking what is the problem with weather forecast organization .
During the day I waited for the rain as I looked up at the sky and I was thinking what the problem with weather forecast organization .
I think we have one of the most powerful computer in the world at that organization but they know nothing .
I think we have one of the most powerful computers in the world at that organization but they know nothing .
There was 90 % which expect the rain today but they were wrong .
There were 90 % which expected the rain today but they were wrong .
They predicted a 90 % chance of rain today but they were wrong .
I was shocked at their disappointing work .

I 'm busy .
Tomorrow will be sports day of my daughter 's school .
Tomorrow will be sports day at my daughter 's school .
After that , we will go to my mother 's home .
We will have Buddhist memorial service for my father .
We will have a Buddhist memorial service for my father .
We will have the Buddhist memorial service for my father .
I 'll return to home in Monday .
I 'll return home on Monday .
See you later !

Street live !
I play street live at every Saturday .
It play on station near .
It is held near a station .
I am get meeting to many people by street live .
I met many people at the live .
I studied many things from there .
For example . . .
Courtesy , Gentleness , Inclemency . . . there still .
Last Saturday , I play street .
Last Saturday , I played on the street .
Then I get courtesy .
I was very happy .
In the future , I want to sing for Gratitude .
Thank you .

The test for mobile system engineer
Next month , I 'm going to take the test for mobile system engineer .
Next month , I 'm going to take the test for becoming a mobile system engineer .
The examination fee cost $ 150 .
The examination fee is $ 150 .
I think that it 's very high .
So I want to pass once .
So I want to pass it the first time .
I want to work hard ! ! !

lost property
I left my umbrella in a train this morning .
I left my umbrella on a train this morning .
I left my umbrella on the train this morning .
I went to the lost property in the station after work .
After work , I went to the station 's lost and found office .
The station stuff searched records by computer for my umbrella and found it .
The station staff searched the records on the computer for my umbrella and found it .
The station 's staff searched their computer records for my umbrella and found it .
I 'm glad to took it back .
I 'm glad to have it back .

Early Morning
Today I woke up 7 . 30a .
Today I woke up at 7 . 30 am .
m , because I have to go the ANZ bank to get the saving card .
because I have to go the ANZ bank to get a saving card .
I will move to city this Saturday .
I will move to the city this Saturday .
We need book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy help us to move the baggage .
We need to book a car and my friend kaan a Turkey guy will help us to move the baggage .
We need to book a car and my friend Kaan who is a Turkish guy is going to help us to move the baggage .
We should note something what we need .
We should make a note of what we need .
This is a busy morning .
There are many things I should do .

Japanese tea ceremony
My Japanese friend sent me some tea things of Japanese tea ceremony last month .
My Japanese friend sent me some tea implements for Japanese tea ceremony last month .
I learned Japanese tea ceremony lesson one time a week for three years befor I come here at Japan .
I attended Japanese tea ceremony lessons one day a week for three years , before I came here to Japan .
I attended Japanese tea ceremony lessons one day a week for three years , before I came here to Japan .
I took a Japanese tea ceremony lesson once a week in Japan for three years before I came here .
I liked how to make the greentea and friends who I have became friends .
I liked to learn how to serve green tea . I made some friends at the lesson .
And the teacher was so great to teach us .
And the teacher was so great to us .
And the teacher was so great to us .
The teacher taught us very well .
I was enjoying to commute this class .
I was enjoying the commute to this class .
I was enjoying the commute to this class .
I enjoyed attending the class .
Now I want to drink this greentea sometimes .
Now I want to drink this green tea sometimes .
Now I want to drink this green tea sometimes .
I sometimes want to drink green tea here .
I know it 's thick and bitter .
So today I made greentea by simply process .
So today I made green tea by simple process .
So today I made green tea by simple process .
Therefore , I made green tea in a easy way .
After I mede it , I drunk the greentea .
After I made it , I drank the green tea .
What bitter !
How bitter !
How bitter !
How bitter it was !
It was so bitter for me .
It was so bitter .
It was so bitter .
Why I do n't remember this taste ?
Why do n't I remember this taste ?
Why do n't I remember this taste ?
Why did n't I remember the taste ?
I wonder !
But I 'll make the greentea again .
But I 'll make the green tea again .
But I 'll make the green tea again .
However , I 'll make the green tea again .

I 'll send a massage for my friend . . .
I 'm going to send a message to my friend . . .
PLEASE check my mail X (
[ I 'm so sorry . . .
I could n't send you mail sooner .
I could n't send you any mail sooner .
You know , The earthquake was too bad for my family .
You know , the earthquake affected my family very badly .
The tsunami destroyed my mother 's country ( home ? ) .
But , My gran ' ma is safe .
But my grandma is safe .
And my cousins are fine also .
And my cousins are also fine .
I wanted to see them .
However it was too terrible to live .
( There was a power failure until now . )
I pray for them it make a comeback to normal life ! ]
I pray for them to return to normal life ! ]

Someone help me !
What 's the difference between `` french fries `` and `` fries potatoes `` ?
Ca n't I say `` fries potatoes `` ?
Ca n't I say `` fried potatoes `` ? You can .
Is this wrong ?
Wan na Learn English ?
Not that much .
A family , seemingly a father , a mother and two of their children , get on a car .
A family , seemingly a father , a mother and two of their children , get in a car .
A funky music starts , singing some worst obscenities .
Funky music starts , playing some bad obscenities .
It seems they do n't care so much about its lyrics and rode on the rhythm .
It seems they do n't care so much about its lyrics and ride on to the rhythm .
Then a telop is shown up : `` Wan na learn English ? `` and the camera pulls back .
Thank you for reading .
This commercial film is really reflecting what happens to English learners .
This commercial film is really reflecting what happens to English learners .
Which season do you like best ?
Characters of the seasons are compreat different each other in Japan .
Characters of the seasons are completely different from each other in Japan .
In spring , we can see not only plum and cherry - blossom , but a trailing mist across some mountain which is a crowning beauty in morning .
In spring , we can see not only plums and cherry blossoms , but also a trailing mist across mountains which is a crowning beauty in the morning .
In summer , if you go to country side , many fireflies will welcome to you .
In summer , if you go to the countryside , many fireflies will welcome you .
It must be fantastic scene .
It must be a fantastic scene .
In autumn , especialy late autmn , when you look at many reeds flushing golden and the leaves turning red or yellow , you must feel as happy as if you were dreaming .
In autumn , especialy late autmn , when you look at the reeds flashing ( ? ) golden and the leaves turning red or yellow , you will surely feel happy , as if you were dreaming .
In winter , silent snow indicate great intelligence which man can not have .
In winter , silent snow indicates great intelligence ( / wisdom ) which man can not have .
In the responds to the question as to which season do I like , it must be the time of seasonal change .
In response to the question as to which season I like , it must be the time of seasonal change .
I miss passing season with affection , while I admire coming season .
I miss passing seasons with affection , while I admire coming seasons .
Japanese value evenescence .
Japanese value evanescence .
The beauty of the cherry - blossom is not so much the appearance , but evenescence .
The beauty of the cherry blossom is not so much in its appearance , but its evanescence .
The life of firefly is very short .
The life of a firefly is very short .
The leaves of autumn fall at once .
Snow melts in spring .
They are all fleeting but beautiful .
That 's why I enjoy the beauty of the seasonal turning point .

miss u all : )
I wanna learning Japanese but I 'm so busy and I ca n't type Japanese on dis PC in the weeks .
I wanna learn Japanese but I 'm so busy and I ca n't type Japanese on this PC in the coming weeks .
I will correct dairies and post new tales next month .
I like here , so is Kichan
I like it here , so does Kichan
`` NATSUMI ``
Today I ate `` NATSUMI `` at farm in Japan .
I think that it is a kind of orange .
It tasty wad very good ! !
It tasted very good ! !
I wanna eat it again .

It takes two hours to commute to work each way .
It takes two hours to commute to work to and fro .
I use a subway to go to work and change trains two times .
I take a subway to work and change trains twice .
I study English and read a book in trains .
I study my English books in the train .
I plan this commute and to study English .

Go to post office via highway
You know what ?
Japanese highway is not free .
Usually , we use that only when we go far away .
Usually , we use them only when we go far away .
Today I needed to go to post office to pick up a letter from Japan .
Today I needed to go to the post office to pick up a letter from Japan .
Yeah , I used a highway .
It 's so American !
I used a highway to just go to post office .
I used a highway just to go to the post office .
I used a highway just to go to the post office .
I think my Japanese friends would never believed this .
I think my Japanese friends would never believe this .
Merry Christmas everyone !

Japan vs Argentina
Japan won against Argentina ! I 'm so excited !
Japan won against Argentina ! I 'm so excited !
But I could n't see the game .
But I could n't see the game .
Hopefully someone will upload it .

Do you know MANGA cafe ?
Do you know about MANGA cafes ?
Anybody knows Manga cafe ?
Does anyone know about Manga cafes ?
Manga cafe where you can read many many Manga .
A Manga cafe is where you can read many many Manga .
A Manga cafe is where you can read a lot of Manga .
Manga cafe give us separate rooms .
In the Manga cafes they give us separate rooms .
Manga cafe is low price so many generation use it .
Their prices are low so many generations can use them .
A Manga cafe is low priced so many generations can use it .
If you come to Japan and good at Japanese , I suggest going Manga cafe .
If you come to Japan and your are good at Japanese , I suggest going a Manga cafe .
If you come to Japan and are good at Japanese , I suggest going a Manga cafe .
By the way , Manga cafe has many different surroundings .
By the way , Manga cafes have many different surroundings .
I think `` bagus `` is best one .
They give us good surroundings .
They have good surroundings .
In IKEBUKURO , KITITYOUZI , SIBUYA have good one .
In IKEBUKURO , KITITYOUZI , SIBUYA have good one . ( ? )
Thankyou reading ^ ^
Thank you for reading ^ ^
Thank you for reading ^ ^

The First Time
It is the first time for me to come here .
It is the first time I 've [ I have ] come here .
I 'm very excited , and I hope I can find many friends who can study with me , then we can make progress together .
I am a very easy - going girl , and eager to become friends with everyone here .

Hello ! !
My name Risa Chosa .
Nice to meet you .
Today is hot !
I 'm very hungry now : )

Yesterday I went to drinking with my friends with when I was college student .
Yesterday , I went drinking with my friends from when I was college student .
One of them is working at Japanese automaker .
One of them is working for a Japanese automaker .
Sometimes he is going to around of world .
Sometimes he goes around the world .
I hope I will be like him !

A Happy New Year ! !
How have you been happy new year !
This year I want to learn English properly !
I want to travel abroad , I want to travel in Japan , and even round the world trip !
I get around this year !

I start English lesson in my company
I began english lesson in my company .
my lesson with my teachar is at 45 minutes .
metting space changed english calss room .
I will want to learn to conversation .
enjot it ! I 'm enjoying it !

I decided to read aloud with AFN book .
I decided to read aloud using the AFN book .
AFN stands for American Force Network .
I can also practice the listening of American English using it .
A first section was the inaugural address of Barack Obama as the nation 's 44th president .
The first section was the inaugural address of Barack Obama as the nation 's 44th president .
It was very difficult for me to listen it ! !

Usually I take I - pod to hear some music and English programs .
Usually I carry my I - pod to listen to some music and English programs .
Usually when I to out , I take my I - Pod to listen to some music and English programs .
I usually take my I - pod out with me to listen to music and English programs .
Today I found a new things about English .
Today I found out a new thing about English .
Today I learned a new sentence in English .
I found out some new things about English today .
The sentence is `` I can not thank you enough ``
The sentence is ( space ) `` I can not thank you enough ``
I have felt this sentence sounds that person do n't appreciate .
I felt this sentence sounded like that person is n't grateful .
But it 's real meaning is `` Thank you very much ``
Yea I learned today one thing today .
Yeah I learned today one thing today .

My important cat went to heaven this morning .
He ate nothing for one week .
I give the fish which was his special favorite to his grave .
I put a fish , which was his favourite food , on his grave .
Please eat in heaven .

I just opened up this editor without thinking anything .
I can think of nothing , because of I am tired now , or just pretending to be tired now .
I can think of nothing , because I am tired now , or just pretending to be tired now .
Everyone has something to do .
A baby 's work is to learn how to breath , speak , pee , and poo .
A retired person 's work is to speak with his partner , walk around his / her place and prepare for dying .
Thinking like this , all the preliminary work that has been done by humans are coming from necessary .
What I am doing now looks like nothing but coming from nowhere , or just it is that I have to think more to find out what is needed .
What I am doing now looks like nothing , but it 's ( ? ) coming from nowhere , or it is just that I have to think more to find out what is needed .
I am writing a program .
This is the end of today 's shit .
Sincerely ,
Any requests ?
Dear Lang - 8 Users ,
Here at Lang - 8 , we are committed to making our site continually better .
We have created a cool feature so that YOU can help shape the development of Lang - 8 .
Click on the following link and you can SHARE YOUR IDEAS on how to make Lang - 8 even better .
You can also VOTE ON OTHER IDEAS that you think would make Lang - 8 better .
> > URL < <
We ca n't promise that we will immediately implement your requests , but we read EACH AND EVERY one , and add them as time allows ( despite appearances , we have a very small staff here at Lang - 8 .
Only two young men ) .
We look forward to your suggestions !
Thank you for making Lang - 8 such a great place for learning .
Sincerely ,
Lang - 8 Staff Member

walk walk walk
I have a lot to think about !
I have trouble with study , livelihood and my girl friend ( maybe leave soon )
I have trouble with my studies , livelihood and my girlfriend ( who may leave soon )
I went to cafe near my school to read books and I walked for a long time .
I went to a cafe near my school to read books and I walked for a long time .
But my problem did n't vanish .

International student party
This is my first blog .
Honestly I have to challenge German writing .
Honestly I need to challenge my German .
But my German vocabulary is too poor to write a diary .
So I will write in English for a while ,
But it does n't mean that I give it up .
But it does n't mean that I 'm giving up .
But it does n't mean that I 'm giving up .
Yesterday , I joined international student party in University .
There are a lot of student from various countries .
There are a lot of students from various countries .
There are a lot of students from various countries .
Englansd , Italy , Austria , Slovakia , Serbia etc .
England , Italy , Austria , Slovakia , Serbia etc .
Since this was the first time for me to see Slovakia und Serbia people ,
Since this was my first time meeting Slovakian and Serbian people ,
Since this was the first time for me to see Slovakian and Serbian people ,
it was pretty interesting .
Almost all conversation was in English , but I would have to say I had much difficulty to communicate with them .
Almost all conversation was in English , but I would have to say I had much difficulty communicating with them .
Almost all conversation was in English , but I would have to say I had much difficulty to communicating with them .
My communication skill in English is not enough , and particularly for listening .
My communication skill in English is not good enough , particularly for listening .
My communication skill in English is not good enough , particularly for listening .
Addition to it , everybody has different accents in English including me .
In addition to that , everybody had a different accent in English including me .
Additionally , everybody has different accents in English including me .
In addition to that , everybody had a different accent in English including me .
It was so tough to switch my mind , very confusing .
By the way , my name Hiroshi seemed to be difficult for European people .
So they tried to memorize it associating with `` Hiroshima ( Japanese city ) ``
So they tried to memorize it by associating it with `` Hiroshima ( Japanese city ) ``
So they tried to memorize it by associating with `` Hiroshima ( Japanese city ) ``
It sounds funny , I never hit upon such a idea .
It sounds funny , I never hit upon such an idea .
It sounds funny , I never hit upon such an idea .
But I think Hiroshi is easiar than Hiroshima , because it 's shorter , is n't it ?
But I think Hiroshi is easier than Hiroshima , because it 's shorter , is n't it ?

hello ~ ~
Nice to meet u ~ ~ I 'm a freshman here ~ ~ I was born in chengdu , China .
Nice to meet u ~ ~ I 'm a freshman here ~ ~ I was born in Chengdu , China .
I hope I can make friends with u ~ ~
I hope I can make friends with you ~ ~
Hope everyone may have a nice day ~ ~
I hope everyone has a nice day ~ ~
Thank u ~ ~ ~ ~
Thank you ~ ~ ~ ~

kimono ( Japanese Dress )
I was waiting for my friend in a big shopping mall yesterday .
So I was looking - around many shops .
When I happend to walk by in front of kimono shop , a cute young clerk wearing kimono talked to me with smiling .
When I happend to walk by the front of a kimono shop , a cute young clerk wearing kimono talked to me whilst smiling .
`` Take a look , these kimonos are so beautiful , are n't they ? ``
`` They sure are `` I replied and went into the shop .
There were a lot of pictures stucked on the wall at the shop .
Some pretty girls wearing kimono were in Kyoto or Universal Studio Japan of Osaka on the pictures .
Some pretty girls wearing kimono were in Kyoto or Universal Studio Japan in Osaka on the pictures .
We talked about kimonos or something for a long time .
We talked about kimonos and things for a long time .
The clerk said , `` If you had a time , why do n't you try this on ? ``
The clerk said , `` If you have time , why do n't you try this on ? ``
She chose a beautiful light purple kimono for me .
Of corse I tried .
Of corse I tried it .
Of course I tried it on .
Because I had an enough time and I do n't have any kimonos instead of yukata .
I had enough time and I do n't have any kimonos instead of yukata .
But I 've been interested in kimono .
The kimono which I tried was really beautiful .
The kimono which I tried on was really beautiful .
I satisfied with trying it on and had fun with talking with the clerk .
I was satisfied with trying it on and had fun talking with the clerk .
I wish I were rich enough to buy kimono .
But Kimono is very expensive , I do n't afford to buy it now .
But Kimono 's are very expensive , I ca n't afford to buy it now .

Beautiful day
It seems that today will be really nice day .
It seems that today will be a really nice day .
In the sky are n't any clouds , the sun is shining and no wind .
There are n't any clouds in the sky . The sun is shining and there is no wind .
Also there are 3 degrees by Celsius , but it only11 a . m . Today I 'm going to play basketball in the skatepark .
Also , it is3 degrees Celsius , but it isonly11 a . m . Today I 'm going to play basketball in the skate park .
By the way in the NBA Oklahoma City Thunders wins versus L .
By the way , in the NBA , theOklahoma City Thunders wonversus L .
Lakers and now series are 2 - 2 .
Lakers and arenow 2 - 2 in theseries .
Today 3 : 30 p .
m on EST time Cleveland will play versus Chicago .
m EST time , Cleveland will play versus Chicago .
I hope Cavaliers will win .
I hope theCavaliers will win .
Also summer is coming .
Only 36 days left .
Bye , bye .
PS I have written it on 25th April .

It 's very warm today .
It is as if spring had come already here in Chubu area , in the center of Japan .
It like the spring had come already here in Chubu area , the center of Japan .
It is as if spring has already come here in Chubu area , in the center of Japan .
This is a quick digression , and the headquarter of hot TOYOTA is here .
This is a quick digression , and the headquarters of hot TOYOTA is here .
To return from the digression , since it was very warm , I wore light clothes and went out in the morning .
And yeasterday was my pay day , so I drew some money at ATM .
And yesterday was my pay day , so I withdrew some money from ATM .
But it took no less than 100 yen to withdraw as it is on saturday .
But it took me no less than 100 yen to withdraw some money as it was on saturday .
you see , just to withdraw !
you see , just to withdraw money !
And that 's my money !
The banks are so budet - minded , why should I pay money to withdraw my money ?
The banks are so budget - minded . Why should I pay money to withdraw my money ?
What 's more , they make money with the money we deposit .
Or conversely am I stingy ?
I believe they should abolish the fee .
What do you think ?
What do you think about it ?
Though I make fuss over it , I take out on weekends .
Though I make fuss over it , I take out my money on weekends .
But , of course , with some hesitation and complaints .
By the way , I walked to the convience store on foot since it 's so near .
By the way , I walked to the convience store on foot since it 's so close .
I could see many spring flowers out there , and I was able to feel spring actually is around the corner .
I could see many spring flowers out there , and I was able to feel spring is actually around the corner .
I looked up other words to mean warm and found as snug as a bug in a rug .
I looked up other words to mean warm and found `` as snug as a bug in a rug `` .
I found it very interesting .
I found it isvery interesting .
Because it is compared to a bug .
I think it 's not a pleasant expression , so I do n't use it actually in the entry in case some of you would take it wrong .
My first diary !
My name is phyten !
My name is Phyten !
I am a student in Hitotsubashi University whose department is ecomics .
I am a student in Hitotsubashi University , and my major is economics .
My hobby is . . .
( Here is a list of my hobbies . . . )
Guitar , reading books ( especially business and finance ) , badminton , the Internet , programming , and talking my friends !
Playing guitar , reading books ( especially on business and finance ) , playing badminton , surfing the Internet , programming , and talking ( chatting ) with my friends !
I will write diaries !

How can we be a nice neighbor ?
Neighbors can be not only a part of our life but also can be a part of society .
If our neighbors are very nice , we caan live comfortable and nice life with our neighbors because we can share our foods , and we can play with their son or daughter nicely .
However , if our neighbors are not very good , it can be opposite situation .
Thus , today , I want to share my opinion with how can be a nice neighbor .
First , we should be friendly neighbors .
I think this statement is the most important statement in my essay .
If we become friendly , the other neighbors will like us , and they will believe us .
And then , we wo n't be a bullying .
Also we can play with our neighbors , so not only we can make a friends but also we can spend a time greatly .
Also we can play with our neighbors . Not only we can make good friends but also we can spend quality time together .
By the way , what will be happened we wo n't be friendly to our neighbors ?
Of course , our neighbors will hate us , and they wo n't believe us , therefore , we will live a sad life .
Next , we should be helpful neighbors .
I think it can be a important statement , too .
Maybe I guess there is a saying , `` There will be fortunes to people who do nicely to their neighbors . `` .
Maybe I guess there is a saying , `` There will be fortunes to people who do nice things for their neighbors . `` .
It can be a right saying .
There will be fortunes to people who do nicely to their neighbors .
If we share the foods to our neighbors when they are becoming poor , then we can get a foods to them when they become okay and I became poor .
If we share the foods to our neighbors when they are becoming poor , then we can get some food from them when they become okay and I become poor .
Next , we should get a manner .
Next , we should act in a polite and positive manner towards our neighbors .
If we ignore our neighbors , they will hate us .
However if we do n't ignore them , they will like it because they will think I am getting respect to the neighbors .
Now , I will summarize my opinion .
Neighbors are the part of our life and society , and all of the people like the neighbors who are very nicely .
Neighbors are the part of our life and society , and all people like the neighbors who are very nice .
And if we should be friendly , helpful , and getting a manner if we want to become a nice neighbor .
We should be friendly , helpful , and act in a suitable manner if we want to become a nice neighbors .

Second day part 2
I finish my work now .
I 've finished my work .
I fixed a program code .
I fixed some program code .
I tested it and found it OK .
Now I 'm taking a train for home .
On this line ' Ninja ' trains - nija 's face painted on - run every day .
On this line ' Ninja ' trains - trains withninjas ' facespainted on - run every day .
On this line ' Ninja ' trains - trains with ninjas ' faces painted on the side - run every day .
But the train I 'm taking is not ' Ninja ' train .
But the train I 'm taking is not a ' Ninja ' train .

It 's didnt means I get lost but lost my bank card .
It does n't mean I got lost but that I lost my bank card .
Recently , I Was always absent - minded for any reason .
Till recently , I was always absent - minded for some reason .
Keep thinking something no matter walking on the road or siting in the train .
I kept thinking about things while walking on the road or siting in the train .
After I find out the card was not in the right place .
After I found out that the card was not in the right place .
I pour out the bag and check 3 times with anxious .
I emptied my bag and anxiously checked it 3 ( three ) times . with .
But still ca n't find it .
But I still could n't find it .
Then , I call my family immediately to let them have the lose report for the bank .
Then , I called my family to let them . report the loss to the bank immediately .
Luckly , when I came to the bank this morning , I was forget to take out the card from the ATM .
I can not do this any more .
I ca n't do that any more .
But what I can do ?
But what can I do ?

Lack of grammatical knowledge .
I find it difficult to correct Japanese sentences grammatically .
Even when I felt some sentences to be unnatural , I was not able to explain it with the grammatical reasons .
I will buy a book on Japanese grammar and refer to it whenever I correct .

just got home
I 've just got home , recently I got back home late because of the job .
I just got home , recently I 've been getting back home late because of my job .
I really want to say thank you for every one who correct my mistakes and give me a message .
I really want to say thank you to everyone who corrected my mistakes and sent me a message .
I 'm going to send a message to all of you this weekend .
I 'm sorry for saying ' ' Thank you ' ' late .

What can I do ?
I am now being an exchang student in American , and this is the first time I live without my family , so my parents worried a lot when I said good - buy to them at the airport .
I am now exchange student in America , and this is the first time I have ever lived without my family , so my parents worried a lot when I said goodbye to them at the airport .
But I reassured them by saying that I would send email .
But I reassured them by saying that I would send emails .
My first glance at my roommate actually left a very good impression on me because she was 5 years older than me , which made me feel she would support me in so many ways .
At first glance , my roommate actually left a very good impression on me because she was 5 years older than me , which made me feel she would support me in so many ways .
When I arrived my room , she was just with her Japanese boyfriend , so she introduced him to me and told me that if I had any Japanese questions , I could just tumble them out to her boyfriends .
When I arrived at my room , she was with her Japanese boyfriend , so she introduced him to me and told me that if I had any Japanese questions , I could just ask her boyfriend .
I felt that I was so lucky that God gave mesuch a nice roommate because she seemed to be very protective .
I felt that I was so lucky that God gave me such a nice roommate , because she seemed to be very protective .
For a girl who left home first time , it really helped a lot ! !
For a girl who had left home for the first time , it really helped a lot ! !
At least , she gave a a sense of secure though her boyfriend always stayed in our room even at the bed time .
At least , she gave a made me feel secure , though her boyfriend always stayed in our room even at the bed time .
Maybe as a girl , I was too dumb and too insensitive .
Her boyfriend was really nice because he always tried hard to explained grammar as clearly as possible to me .
To let my roommate know that I would bot be a threat to her relationship , I always brought up my questions only when she was also in .
To let my roommate know that I would not be a threat to her relationship , I only brought up my questions when she was there as well .
However , after I asked her boyfriend 3 times , she told me that she had been jealous .
Therefore , she hoped that I could turn to other Japanese .
Therefore , she hoped that I could turn to other Japanese for help instead .
Of course , I could one hundred percent relate to her because I also had a boyfriend though he was in another country .
As a result , I wrote a note to her , apologize and made it clear tthat I did not mean to do that .
As a result , I wrote a note to her , apologized and made it clear that I did not mean to upset her .
If she felf hurt , I would stop doing it right away ! !
If she felt hurt , I would stop doing it right away ! !
Even though her boyfrined told me that he felt his girlfriend was too emotional and that I could still consult him questions when she was away , I declined his kindness and almost never spoke to him .
Even though her boyfriend told me that he felt his girlfriend was too emotional and that I could still consult him questions when she was away , I declined his kindness and hardly spoke to him .
Originally I thought that everything will just go back to normal , to the very beginning when I was in a good term with her .
Originally I thought that everything would just go back to normal , to the very beginning when I was on good terms with her .
However I was totally wrong because now she only gave my a cold shoulder .
However I was totally wrong because now she only gives me the cold shoulder .
Now she never greets me in the moring like before and never smiles at me any more either .
I admit that probably I was wrong .
I should have paid more attention to her feelings . . . . .
I do n't know what I can do to retrieve our friendship . . .
I really feel so bad and awful because we are still living in teh same room . . . ! !

new expressions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thesedays , I go to kind of small language academy called micasa .
During the class , we give short presentations about what 's going on our daily lives .
Last time , I fuzzed everytime as speaking more than usual .
Last time , I fuzzed every time as speaking more than usual .
It was not just because I was nervous , also it was the result of studying harder for the recent days .
Sounds irony , doesn ; t it ?
Sounds ironic , does n't it ?
What I mean is the more I study about expressions or vocabularies , the more I 'm confused , because everytime I try to use new things , it does n't come to my mind as automatically as I wish , and it makes me mummuring ( ? ) .
What I mean is the more I study about expressions or vocabularies , the more I 'm confused , because everytime I try to use new things , it does n't come to my mind as automatically as I wish , and it makes me murmur ( ? ) .
I wish I could use them directly as I acquire .
I know it 's not going to happen , since everything takes some amount of pain .
I have limited expressions at my disposal especially when I speak .
I use same things all the time , which I got used to .
I want to go to the next step .
Could anyone give me some advice ?

I ca n't wait xD
Hi guys : ]
Why ca n't I wait ?
So I have a school trip from 7th to 9th on september .
It 's because I have a school trip on September 7 - 9 .
Although I live in Fukushima in Japan , I 'll go to Tokyo in Japan .
Although I live in Fukushima in Japan , I 'll be going to Tokyo in Japan . ( Future Tense )
It 's takes time about 6 hours to go there .
So I need to be ready for school trip soon .
So I need to be ready for my school trip soon .
So , I 'll write about school trip when I back home .
I 'll write about my school trip when I get back home .
Bye Bye : )

Some things
With each passing day I have less desire to write something .
This lead to nowhere .
This leads to nowhere .
I 'm trying to feel this world .
I try to understand that I can still see , feel , recognize .
I want to try myself in the material world .
I want to try myself against the material world .
Achieve something .
And then disappear .
Smog disappeared .
Moscow poured rain .
Tomorrow I 'm going to a medical examination .
I want to know if I have a deadly disease .
If there is , I have little time .
So have to miss part of the material world .

That 's it .
Good morning , everyone .
How are you doing ?
I got up at six o ' clock this morning .
We have a vocal ensemble festival today .
Our turn is 14 : 25 .
Our turn is at 14 : 25 .
I 'm going to my university , and starting chor practice from now on .
I 'm going to my university , and starting choir practice from now on .
We have a drinking party tonight .
I want to drink nice beer . ^ ^ I want to try my best .

My life in the dormitory
I live in the dorm with international student from the U .
I live in a dorm with an international student from the U .
I live in a dorm with an international student from the U .
She is very good at Japanese and always help me study English .
She is very good at Japanese and always helps me study English .
She is very good at Japanese and always helps me study English .
However , because of her good Japanese skill , I sometimes hesitate to speak English .
However , because she speaks Japanese so well , I sometimes hesitate to speak English .
Moreover , she always speak Japanese instead of using English , so I do n't have enough chance to speak English .
Moreover , she always speaks Japanese instead of using English , so I do n't have enough chances to speak English .
Moreover , she always speak Japanese instead of using English , so I do n't have enough chances to speak English .
Therefore , I try to decide `` ONLY ENGLISH DAY `` and I ask her to speak only English during the day !
Therefore , I try to decide `` ONLY ENGLISH DAY `` and I ask her to speak only English during that day !
Therefore , I decided to try an `` ONLY ENGLISH DAY `` and I asked her to speak only English during the day !

Diary 2011 / 5 / 21
My brain 's run out of gas , because it was hot day today .
So , I 'm not working at all today .
Come back in time , if I could : (
I 'd go back in time , if I could : (

This is my cat , Annzu .
This is my cat .
Her name is Annzu which means apricot in Japanese .
She is so affectionate and friendly .
Annzu had been a stray cat and pecked by crows in a park , before a volunteer saved her life .
Annzu was a stray cat and was pecked by crows in a park , before a volunteer saved her life .
I got in touch with the volunteer as soon as I found the article about the poor cat on a website .
When she came to my house for the first time , she was so skinny that we could n't hug strongly .
When she came to my house for the first time , she was so skinny that we could n't hug her tightly .
Now she is well - nourished and looks so happy .
The other day she had a chance to be a model and earned some money .
What a good cat ! .

Today , I bigin lang - 8
Today , I begin lang - 8
I study English since I was junior high school student .
I 've been studying English since I was a junior high school student .
I can read wrriten paper in Emglish , for example news papers .
I can understand wrriten Emglish , for example news papers ,
But I ca n't listen and write in English .
but I ca n't listen and write English .
I want to use English fluently .
Today , I had the Chinase class in the afternoon .
The class composes of for student and teacher .
The class consists of students and teachers .
I have to speak words many times , so it is profitable .
I had to speak many times , so it was profitable .

Gossip Girl
Gossip Girl is a propular America TV series that was introduced to China as fashion and life style book .
Gossip Girl is a popular American TV series that was introduced to China as a fashion and life style book .
In the shows , Serana and Blair are the most luck girl who is rich and beatiful , charm and so on .
In the shows , Serana and Blair are the most lucky girls who are rich , beautiful , charming , and so on .
They possess all the thing which was most girl want to have in the world over all .
They possess all the things which was most girls want to have in the world over all .
The people in the Upper east live in gorgious and lavish , but they are elite who know how to manage a multinational corporation even though maybe inherited from family .
The people in the upper east live in a gorgeous and lavish area , plus they are elite who know how to managemultinational corporations even though maybe inherited them from family .
Obviously , they are spotlight in any parties at Newyork night .
Obviously , they are in the spotlight in any parties at New York they go to at night .
we are mortal , directly I envy that kind of bule blood people .
We are mortal , directly I envy that kind of bule ( ? ) blood people .
Let me cite a fashional word `` hold `` which is fatacy of a amazing girl in China .
Let me cite a fashionable word `` hold `` which is fantasy of an amazing girl in China .
Hold Hold Hold .
I want to NY someday .
I want to go to NY someday .

One of serious problems in Japan .
One of the serious problems in Japan .
I watched TV news which is about high numbers of suicide during yonger age from about 20 to 30 years old people .
I watched a TV news broadcast which was about the high numbers of suicide among younger people around 20 to 30 years old .
That is 30 thousands .
The news told that the numbers continue to increase over 10 years .
The news said that the numbers have continue to increase over the last 10 years .
I was shocked to know that .
Exactlly I think that most yonger people in Japan have no dream or purspose to the future .
I think that most younger people in Japan have no dreams or purpose for the future .
And such as people think they want to be admitted by society and around people .
But thay ca n't be , because they do nothing .
They do n't have objects so they ca n't aim to do for that .
Then society and people never admit them .
Then they feel themselves as useless in the world , no reason to live anymore .
Then they feel themselves as useless to the world and that they have no reason to live anymore .
Then they kill themselves .
Of course not all suicide people think so and die because of it .
Anyway , present time , we are much richer materially than past but our minds got weaken .
Anyway , presently , we are much richer materially than we have been in past , but our minds have weakened .
Especially in Japan .
And Japanese society is in aging society and we run out of work force of yonger people .
And Japanese society is in aging society . We are running out of younger people in the work force .
Somehow we must stop younger people suicide or our society will collapse very sooner than we expected .
Somehow we must stop younger people from committing suicide , or our society will collapse much sooner than we expected .

Feeling Lonely
I had been to Oita , my home town , for about three weeks for summer vacation , and I came back home three days before .
I went to Oita , my home town , for about three weeks for summer vacation , and I came back home three days ago .
Now I 'm a college student in Osaka .
I felt afresh appreciation of my parents this time because of going back my home town .
I felt a fresh appreciation of my parents this time because of going back to my home town .
I also realized how I had ever been having luxurious life .
I also realized how I had always had a luxurious life .
I did n't feeling lonely before I went back to Oita , but still if I go back once , I will be accustomed to my original life that has any dogs , sister and parents , so when I was alone , I felt lonely very much .
I did n't feel lonely before I went back to Oita , but still if I go back once , I will get accustomed to my old life with dogs , a sister and parents , so when I am alone again , I will feel very lonely .
But in fact , I 'm understanding it is too bad for me because I 'll go abroad in America for four years as a university studdent .
But in fact , I 'm know that it is too bad for me because I 'm going abroad to America for four years as a university studdent .
Lately my sole enjoyment is to go shopping alone .
Nobody in my friends live my house nearby , so whenever I go shopping , I am alone .
None of my friends lives near my house , so whenever I go shopping , I am alone .
It is only a matter of time to start my class , so I 'm looking forward to seeing my friends now .
It is only a matter of time now before I start my class ( again ) , so I 'm looking forward to seeing my friends now .
Incidentally , is there somebody who know some ideas to do like this time , feel lonely ? ?

in public
It happend a few months ago .
This happened a few months ago .
That day , I was wating for a train at platform as ususal .
I was on the platform , waiting for a train , as usual .
Nothing had been strange until a woman came .
The woman , she seemed to be over 50 years - old , came near
She seemed to be over 50 years - old , and came near to
where I was stand because there was public phone near me .
where I was standing , because there was public phone near me .
She put money into phone then dialled .
She put money into phone , then dialed .
`` Oh , I 'm sorry I 'll be late `` the woman talked with big voice that
`` Oh , I 'm sorry I 'm going to be late . `` the woman said in a loud voice that
everybody on the platform could hear .
she continued talking .
She continued talking .
`` I was pooing .
`` I was having a poo . ( lol . . )
it was really big one so it took a long time to flash . ``
It was really big one so it took a long time to flush . ``
`` Yeah , really big !
so I missed a train .
That 's why I missed the train .
I 'm sorry I was here on time but it could n't be flashed ``
I 'm sorry I ca n't be there on time , but it could n't be flushed ``
She desperately explained not her fault but her poo 's fault .
She desperately explained that it was n't her fault , but her poos fault .
Sometimes people make an excuse for their mistakes such as tardy .
Sometimes people make excuses for their mistakes , such as tardiness
However , I have never heard such an childish excuse .
However , I have never heard such a childish excuse .
Even if it were real thing , she should have said another lie .
Othrewise , anybody belive her .
Otherwise , nobody will believe her .

sesami street
Everyday , going to the company , I watched the video on the iPod touch .
Everyday , going to the office , I watch a video on my iPod touch .
Recently It is `` the sesami street ``
Recently I 've been watching `` Sesame Street ``
It is for studying English .
for the purpose of studying English .
`` Sesami street `` is fun for me .
`` Sesame street `` is fun for me .
But it Excitement story tired me sometimes .
But it 's exciting story tires me sometimes .
The word Excitement means `` Hi - tensyon ``
The word ' excitement ' means `` Hi - tensyon `` -
Maybe it is wrong English .
Maybe it is bad English .
what is the word on the street .
`` sesami street `` is useful for studying english .
`` sesame street `` is useful for studying english .
Please someone give me information
that `` less excitement `` english studying video .
about `` less exciting `` English studying videos .

I had a dream that I drove a car and a car fell off from the road .
I had a dream that I drove a car and it fell off from the road .
I safely survived though !

season of allergy
I had lie down before I checked the e - mail yesterday .
I had to lie down before I checked the e - mail yesterday .
I was not busy but I was tired .
I do n't know why .
However , It is very easy to change the temperature every day and the pollen begin flying very much .
So , maybe I think I might have a allergy to pollen .
So , maybe I think I might have an allergy to pollen .
In spring season I become a dry skin and my eyes is very itchy . . .
In spring I get dry skin and my eyes become very itchy . . .

studying English
Studying English
Hello everyone .
Hello , everyone .
My name is KAORI , live in Japan Osaka .
My name is KAORI and I live in Japan Osaka .
My name is KAORI living in Osaka , Japan .
My name is KAORI , and I live in Osaka , Japan .
I had to study English while student , but I ca n't understand English now .
I had studied English while I was a student , but I ca n't understand English now .
I had to study English when I was a student , but I can not understand English still now .
I had to study English while I was a student , but I ca n't understand English .
This complex is very heavy for me .
This trauma is very heavy to me .
So , I decided starting to study English at this site .
So , I decided to start studying English at this site .
So , I decided to start learning English at this site , again .
So , I decided to start studying English again at this site .
Please teach me correct English .
Please teach me the correct English .

One of the reasons I have to study
I was busy last week with my work .
So recently I have not update my diary .
So recently I have not updated my diary .
By the way , one of the reasons I have to study English is I sometimes need to use English .
I work in the trading company .
I work in a trading company .
We receive a telephone call from abroad , take care of foreign customer visit to Japan , go to business trip to research around the several congresses and exhibitions .
We receive telephone calls from abroad , take care of foreign customer who visits Japan , go on business trips to do research at various conferences and exhibitions .
It is difficult fo me to speak English well .
But I 'm enjoying it .
I believe someday I will be improve my English , I keep to study and update this website .
I believe someday I will improve my English if I keep on studying and updating ( my diary on ) this website .

wow . . what a good website it is !
Wow . . what a good website this is !
Wow . . what a good website this is !
This is the first time to write in here .
This is my first time writing here .
I 'm very happy to know this site now !
I want to meet many people in other countries !
I want to meet many people from other countries !
I 'm very interested in classical guitar , but I ca n't played well .
I 'm very interested in classical guitar , but I ca n't play well .
I 'm very interested in classical guitar , but I ca n't play well .
After I graduate a colleage , I would play the guitar freely ! !
After I graduate from college , I would play the guitar freely ! !
After I graduate from college , I 'll be able to play the guitar freely ! !

Today have World cup : : : : : : : : : English drama
Tonight have World cup Japanese game !
Tonight the World cup Japan vs Paraguay game is on !
I want to support Japanese team , but I have to go to my part - time job . . . .
I want to support the Japanese team , but I have to go to my part - time job . . . .
Too bad ! ! !
I want Okada Japan to win !
I want to watch English drama to learn English .
DVD shop have many dvd , 24 , prison brake , agree betty , gossip girl , fringe , and so on . . .
DVD shop have many dvds : 24 , prison brake , ugly betty , gossip girl , fringe , and so on . . .
What is your recommend ?
What is your recommendation ?
Pleach teach me ^ ^

Crisis of electric power failure in Tokyo
Japanese government warned people that there was possibility of electric power failure in Kanto region yesterday afternoon .
The Japanese government warned people that there was a possibility of electric power failure in the Kanto region yesterday afternoon .
The Japanese government warned people that there was a possibility of an electric power failure in the Kanto region yesterday afternoon .
Tokyo power company had already stopped their service in the scheduled area .
Tokyo power company had already stopped their service in the scheduled area
The Tokyo power company had already stopped their service in the scheduled area .
But they said power still was not enough .
but they said there was still not enough power .
But they said there was still not enough power .
I rushed to buy some candles for the crisis , because we did n't have enough dry batteries for our flashlights .
And I filled plastic bottles , pots and bukect with water as much as possible .
I filled plastic bottles , pots and buckets with as much water as possible .
I filled plastic bottles , pots and buckets with as much water as possible .
We could n't use water , if we had power failure .
We ca n't use water if we have a power failure .
We would n't be able to use water , if we had a power failure .
My apartment serves water to each family with electric power .
My apartment is serving water to each family with electric power .
Fortunately , we avoided the crisis , though all ATM did n't work temporarily in one of Major Japanese Bank .
Fortunately , we avoided the crisis , although all the ATMs temporarily did n't work at one major Japanese bank .
Fortunately , we avoided the crisis , although all the ATMs were out of order temporarily in one of the major Japanese banks .

the autumn approaches .
The Fall approaches .
It was rainning day .
It was rainning day . It was raining today
It was raining day .
The weather of Korea is a little cold with the change of seasons .
The weather in Korea is a little cold due to the change of seasons .
I hate this period because I get sentimental in the fall .
For that reason , I thought a lot of things .
For that reason , I thought about a lot of things .
So , I 'm mentally overloaded .
So , now I 'm mentally overloaded .
I could do with something fun !
I should do something fun !
I want to break out of my daily routine .

Introduction of my favorite item for Snowboarding .
You know the Accublade ?
It is a very useful BINDING of YONEX .
But in Japan , much people deny it .
Because it is STEP - IN - BINDING .
All kind of BINDINGs can split a STRAP - IN and a STEP - IN .
Now , many BINDINGs are type of STRAP - IN .
And much people use it .
The STRAP - IN has strap for human installation to snowboard .
So it is simple and it has a little matter .
Therefore much people like this type .
Well when many company produced STEP - IN - BINDINGS , so much people despaired .
their product had many problems .
But now , YONEX ( SHIMANO ) is producing new kind of STEP - IN - BINDING that fixed many problems .
It is Accublade .
I want to spread it across the world .
Please look this url .

Yesterday , I hanged out to relax .
Yesterday , I hung out to relax .
I walked from Shibuya to Harajuku and return to Shibuya .
I walked from Shibuya to Harajuku and returned to Shibuya .
I walked from Shibuya to Harajuku and returned to Shibuya .
I stopped at Yoyogi park on my way to Harajuku .
It was a nice weather , so I fall well .
It was a nice weather , so I felt well .
It was a happy day , because I went to spot I never go .
It was a happy day , because I went to a spot I never go .
It was a happy day , because I went to a place I have never been to before .
Breath - freasher was important .

I forgot what I wanted to write today .
I forgot what I wanted to write about today .
My cellphone has n't been working well .
My cellphone was n't working well .
I thought my cellphone at last broke down seriously because even when I pressed the buttons , it did n't react at all .
I thought my cellphone finally broke down , because it did n't react even after I pressed the buttons .
I seriously thought my cellphone had finally broken down because when I pressed the buttons , it did n't react at all .
On being in the situation , I was almost losing my composure .
I almost lost my composure .
I was almost losing my composure .
At that moment , I almost lost my composure .
No sooner than had I noticed that than I went to my friend 's room whose cellphone is the same type as mine .
I noticed that my friend 's cellphone is the same type as mine .
He was studying , but I broke in because I did n't afford to care for him .
He was studying , but I broke in because I did n't afford to care for him .
He was studying , but I went in anyways because I did n't care .
He was studying but I could n't care less and went in anyway .
He gave me some pieces of information about the cellphone and suggested that I call the customer center of the company .
He told me some information about the cellphone and suggested that I call customer service .
Luckily , he was willing to share some information about the cellphone and suggested me to call customer service immediately .
Finished his story , I tried to call soon .
After he had finished his story , I tried to call customer service .
Listening to his advice , I tried to call customer service .
The moment I called to the customer center , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
The moment I called to the customer center , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
The moment I called customer service , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
The moment I called , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
I was an airhead .
I think it is because of my aging .
I think it is because of my aging .
I think it is because I 'm getting old .
By the way , I 'm working on my essay .
Every time I 'm writing an essay , I used a lot of the same transitional words .
Every time I write an essay , I use a lot of the same transitional words .
Every time I write an essay , I kept using the same transitional words .
If you know a lot of varieties of transitional words such as moreover , in addition , thus , therefore , in short , etc , could you please let me know ?
If you know a variety of transitional words , could you please let me know ?
If you know a lot about of transitional words , could you please let me know ?
Thank you for reading .

Busy Week
I 've been busy at work this week .
I have lots of work to do , but I need to keep my learning time somehow .
I have had lots of work to do , but I need to keep my learning time somehow .
It 's difficult for me to do two things at the same time .
It 's difficult for me to do two things at the same time .

Hello , Lang - 8 : )
Well , it 's my first time to write dairy in English .
My English is terrible , so it 's difficult for me to express what I mean exactly .
But I 'll try hard , Hoping that I can keep up at least a week .
But I 'll try hard , hoping that I can keep up at least once a week .
Today I 'd gone to the orientation of AIESEC .
I want to be the international translate volunteer .
I want to be an international translation volunteer .
But obviously , my language ability is not good enough .
So maybe I should practice English often , hoping that Lang - 8 do help .
So maybe I should practice English often , hoping that Lang - 8 will help .

July 21 , Wednesday , Sunny
It was hot and humid today .
Outside was too hot , so I went home early and I have stayed at the living room .
Outside was too hot , so I went home early and stayed in the living room .
The reason is that the living room is the only room that has an air conditioner .
The reason why is that the living room is the only room that has an air conditioner .
There was nothing special today . . .
I hope that tomorrow will be a good day for me .

Walk in Saint Petersburg
Today I want to tell you about my city .
I am live in Saint Petersburg near metro station `` Ploshad Mygestva `` .
I live in Saint Petersburg near the metro station `` Ploshad Mygestva `` .
This station are not situated in center of the city , but I very often go to center for walkin on beautiful streets .
This station is not situated in the center of the city , but I very often go to the center to walk on the beautiful streets .
Many Peterburg 's streets save some especial historical form .
Many of St Petersburg 's streets still have some special historical features .
Little courtyards , narrow streets buildings from 19 century surrounded you and can movie you in this fantastic time .
Little courtyards , narrow streets and buildings from the 19th century surround you and can immerse you in this fantastic time .
And a lot of cars , shops and coffe houses ca n't break this illusion .
And a lot of cars , shops and coffee houses ca n't break this illusion .
You may walk in this city many days and every day you will open some new details of this atmosphere for youself .
You can walk in this city for many days and every day you will discover some new details of this atmosphere for youself .
Many times I just walk on `` Nevsky prospect `` and go to the Aleksander Nevsky square .
Many times I just walk on `` Nevsky prospect `` and go to Aleksander Nevsky square .
Sometimes when I do not hurry I am just turn on right or left in random crossroads and aimlessly walk on little streets feel this unique atmosphere .
Sometimes when I 'm not in a hurry , I just turn right or left at random crossroads and aimlessly walk around the little streets to feel the unique atmosphere .
If you ever will in Saint Petersburg and you will have many time , I advise you just walk on the city one or two hours without any excursions and you will feel this unique atmosphere of 19 centure .
If you are ever in Saint Petersburg and you have a lot of free time , I advise you to just walk around the city for one or two hours without any plan , and you will feel the unique atmosphere of the 19th century .

Vegetables
When I went to a super market in England for the first time , I saw very big cucumbers .
I was surprised so big .
I was surprised at / by how big they were .
I thought that these cucumbers more than twice times as large as ones in Japan .
I thought that these cucumbers were more than twice as large as ones in Japan .
And I was surprised by very small carrots as well .
I recognized that even same vegetables have different shape .
I recognized that even the same vegetables can have / be different shapes .

Let 's start !
Nice to meet you !
My name is Essa .
I live in Kyoto , Japan .
I begin Lang - 8 today .
I began using Lang - 8 today .
I 'm not good at English , therefore I think that I should write short sentence every day .
I 'm not good at English , therefore I think that I should write short sentences every day .
Thank you for your help .

first time !
My name is Sakura .
This is the first time to write a diary .
This is my first time writing a diary .
I 'm Japanese and 21years old .
I 'm Japanese . I 'm 21 years old .
My name means cherry blossoms that is the most popular flower in japan .
My name means cherry blossoms , which is the most popular flower in japan .
I live in Kanagawa prefecture where is near the Tokyo .
I live in Kanagawa prefecture which is near Tokyo .
I lern about ' Environment and Humanity ' in University .
I 'm learning about ' Environment and Humanity ' in my University .
My hobby is dancing , listening to hiphop music and going to museam .
My hobbies are dancing , listening to hip - hop music and going to museums .
From March I 'm going to go to Colorado State University in the USA .
In March I 'm going to go to Colorado State University in the USA .
So I have studied English .
If you find any errors , please correct them .
If you find any errors , please correct them .

Guys . . .
My end year result will come out this Thursday
My year end result will come out this Thursday .
I felt pretty anxious waiting for the day
I feel pretty anxious waiting for this day .
I hope to get the flying colours result
I hope to pass with flying colours !
Wish me luck ! ! !

Please help me
Even though I try to write short entry , I regret nobady correct yesterday 's entry . . .
Even though I try to write short entries , I regret that nobody corrected yesterday 's entry . . .
Do you think what should I do to get the corrections ?
You do you think I should do to get corrections ?
Please give me some advising in order to get the corrections .
Please give me some advice on how to get more corrections .
And could you please to correct my yesterday 's entry ?
Would you please correct the entry I made yesterday ?
And could you please correct yesterday 's entry ?
I need your help to improve my English skills .
My holiday
Yesterday , I went to a hot spring and the bookstore .
Yesterday I went to a hot spring and the bookstore .
A hot spring was very good .
The hot spring was very good .
It was so relaxing .
Wow , I took a bath for two hours .
In the bookstore , I bought a textbook of English proficiency .
At the bookstore I bought a textbook on English proficiency .
I thought , the space of the bookstore are the best .
I found many books of interest .
Someday , I want to try English proficiency .
Someday I want to be proficient in English .
Oh yeah .
I forgot .
I went to school before going to the bookstore and a hot springs .
I went to school before going to the hot springs and book store .
Because , It was to meet with fellow teachers .
It was to meet with fellow teachers .
I made cheesecake delivered to the fellow had to work .
I made cheesecake and delivered it to the fellow who had to work .
This picture is the handmade cake .
It was delicious ! !
How was your holiday everyone like ?
( * Second picture is views of the nearby hot springs )
( * The second picture is a view of the nearby hot springs . )

I hate math ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Hahahahahahahahaha . . . . . . . . .
Math is very important subject in Korea .
Math is a very important subject in Korea .
If you give up this , you give up college .
If you give up on this subject , you give up on college .
And I am real poor at math .
But I am really poor in math .
And I am really bad at math .
Who made trigonometrical function and permutations and combinations ! ! !
I ca n't understand at all .
I ca n't understand ( it ) at all .
Whenever solve a question , I just get ruined .
Whenever I try to solve a question , I just get stuck .
How I can be good at math ?
How I can get better at math ?

Christmas is coming !
It 's about two weeks before Christmas .
My best friend in the U .
S . send me a Christmas present every year
so I prepared sending a present for her today !
so I decided to send a present for her today !
She likes to eat Japanese snacks so I decided to send her plenty of Japanese snacks .
She likes to eat Japanese snacks so I decided to send her a plenty of Japanese snacks .
Most are rice crackers in different tastes .
Most of it are rice crackers in different tastes .
I am shipping out them on Monday so the package should be arriving by Christmas !

Sigh . . . . . . . . .
I often consider about communication with people in another language .
I am an English learner , and I have been learning conversational English for 2 years .
I have been communicating people in English for 2 years .
However , it is still difficult for me to do it .
I think that I have become able to enjoy conversations in English .
However , when I start to debate or discuss , I still can not handle in English well .
Since my goal is not to master how to debate or discuss , I do not mind it so much .
On the other hand , I always think that I would love to handle English without any negative feelings .
I think that it is my true goal .
So , I consider what and how I have to do to communicate with people in English without any negative feelings .
In other words , I think it might be to master how to debate and discuss in English because in many case conversations consist of them .
Right now I feel like as if I am in a dark and long tunnel .
I can not discover the exit of the tunnel .
I can not see the end of the tunnel .
I can not go back , and all I can do is to go forth while I am touching the wall of the tunnel .
I can not go back , and all I can do is to go forward while touching the wall of the tunnel .
I sometimes feel afraid , depression and loneliness , but I have to conquer them if I would love to become a fluent English speaker .
I sometimes experience fear , depression and loneliness , but I have to conquer them if I want to become a fluent English speaker .
I almost loose my confidence if I can do it or not . . . . . .
I almost lose my confidence of whether I can do it or not . . . . . .

It 's too cold to use my room today .
It was too cold to use my room today .
The heater of my room is not warm enough , so I decided using my laptop in my living room .
The heater in my room is not warm enough , so I decided using my laptop in my living room .
According to weather news , this cold weather will last until tomorrow .
According to the weather news , this cold weather will last until tomorrow .
I wonder if I could use my room tomorrow .
I wonder if I 'll use my room tomorrow .

six days - safety driving
I do n't like to go out during a long holiday , everywhere will crowded with car and people .
I do n't like to go out during a long holiday , everywhere is crowded with car and people .
It 's not easy to go for a few meters in traffic jam .
It 's not easy to go for a few meters in a traffic jam .
Chiang Mai is the real tourist city right now .
We could see many cars from Bangkok and other provinces .
Most of Chiang Mai residents will stay at home for celebration with families , while the visitors around the world choose to countdown on the street .
Most of Chiang Mai residents will stay at home for celebration with families , while the visitors from around the world choose to countdown on the street .
The mass transportation in this season is n't enough and comfortable .
So the families drive their vehicles for trip or long distance travelling instead .
Have you ever viewed the cars and the motorbikes had any accidents on the street in this season ?
Have you seen any accidents on the street in this season ?
After the celebration finish , the drunken drivers need to go back home so they always lost their control in driving .
After the celebrations finish , the drunken drivers need to go back home , but they always lost their control in driving .
During this festival we wish less disaster or lost .
During this festival we wish there was less disaster or loss .
Then the police station have a service to provide a cup of coffee or the foot massage for a long distance driver .
The police station has a service to provide a cup of coffee or a foot massage for a long distance driver .
Only a small hope that we will less lost than last year .
We have only a small hope that there will be less loss than last year .
Our long holiday is lasted from 31st Dec 2009 to 3rd Jan 2010 included the begining and finishing day , it 's totally six days .
Our long holiday lasts from 31st Dec 2009 to 3rd Jan 2010 including the beginning and finishing day . It 's six days in total .

being the lastest today I spend my time to computer .
Lately , I spend a lot of my time on the computer .
the reason is my table on the computer
The reason is that it is on my table .
start using the computer I be mad to internet
When I start using the computer I go mad with the internet .
then I cure that to using this program .
But I cure that now using this program :
' pctime '
This program see , how much time you using the computer
This program shows how much time you spend using the computer
so after using this program my computer time is go down
So since I 've started using this program , my computer time has gone down

Memories of Summer
It 's real summer , is n't it ?
It 's really summer , is n't it ?
I 've been in the cool air - conditioned room most of the time .
It 's laxourious .
It 's . luxurious !
My mother sent me a lot of corn on the cobs last week , so I still have some of them in the freezer .
I cooked a few cobs on the microwave oven and had one of them just now .
It 's reminiscent taste of my childhood at my hometown .
It 's reminiscent of a taste during my childhood in my hometown .
When I close my eyes , I could see myself eating corn sitting outside in front of my house .
When I close my eyes , I can see myself eating corn , sitting outside in front of my house .
All of the doors and windows are open , because there is no airconditioner .
All of the doors and windows are open , because there is no air [ space ] conditioner .
But there is a nice breeze in the alley .
Suppose the taste of corn in old days was n't as good as the present one , but I feel like it was much better than now .
At my hometown , there is a very beautiful river .
In my hometown , there is a very beautiful river .
My elementary school did n't have a pool , so in summer we walked to the river to learn swimming .
Sometimes we went to the river with cucumbers , tomatoes , a kind of cheap melons and occasionally watermelons .
Sometimes we went to the river with cucumbers , tomatoes , some cheap melons and occasionally watermelons .
It was the most enjoyable time to the students .
It was the most enjoyable time for us students .
I still remember the cucumbers and tomatoes just with a little salt tasted very good .
I still remember the cucumbers and tomatoes , withjust a little salt on them . They tasted very good !
Oh , I still remember my childhood very well .
Wow . . .
Oh well , do n't ask me what I ate for dinner yesterday .
But please do n't ask me what I ate for dinner yesterday .

My speech contest
I had a pre speech contest today .
I had a pre - speech contest today .
Unfortunately I could n't survive for the final because I made a fluff .
Unfortunately I did n't make it to the final because I made a fluff .
Also I was told from a teacher as I made a fluff because I did n't speak from my heart .
I was also told by a teacher that I made a fluff because I did n't speak from my heart .
That word was a blow to me .
That was a blow to me .
I 'm depressed today .
I know this is kind of a small matter but anyway it was very very regrettable ! !
I know this is kind of a small matter but it was very , very regrettable anyway ! !

Please give me your advices
Please give me your advice .
For example ,
cold more cold most cold ?
cold colder coldest ?
More , most , - er , - est .
Is there anything regularity in adjective ?
Please answer my question someone .

Saturday , August 13 , 2011
Today , I participant to the dance clase called `` Yung Americans `` .
At this class , a lot of people are American teachers .
At this class , lots of people were American teachers .
First , we did hip hop dance .
It was very dificult .
After that , I draw a pictre about , trees .
After that , I draw a picture about trees .
After that , we did singing class .
At that , we song a lot of bettles songs .
At that , we sung a lot of Beatles ' songs .
After that , we ate lunch .
I ate one rise ball and cream puff .
It was delicious but , I was still hungrey .
It was delicious but , I was still hungry .
Then , I sang a song called `` under the sea `` .
Then , I sung a song called `` Under the Sea . ``
I could n't song very good because my voice was very high .
I could n't sung very good because my voice was so high .
Today was very fun because , we did a lot of things .
Today was really full of fun , because we did a lot of things .

My future course in life
Now I 'm at the top of the Depatment of Electrical Engineering , Tokyo University of Science .
And I 'm interested in Fuel Cell and Internet .
And I 'm interested in Fuel Cell research and the Internet .
I read a paper which was about solid oxide fuel cell and got a prize in my university 's competition .
But I do n't feel an absolute necessity to be registered in it any more .
Breakthroughs of new companies like Facebook , Zynga , Groupon and so on make me think so .
There are n't no stimulating things at the things at the University .
There are n't any stimulating things at the University .
I 'm not sure which road to take .
Working or studying energy and environment technologies including Fuel Cell in graduate school .
Working or studying energy and environmental technologies including Fuel Cell research in graduate school .
I know this should n't bother me .
I say `` Do n't think .
Do it `` silently to myself .
But I 'm unable to make a quick decision .
Would you give me some advice ?

Repair Computer
Repairing a Computer
Recently , There are some matter on my computer , When I open the
Recently , There were some problems with my computer ,
computer , screen can ` t be lighted .
When I turned my computer on , the screen was blank
So last night I took the computer
apart and see what ` s wrong with it .
I repaired it from 19 : 00 to 22 : 00 .
Finally , my computer started work again .
Finally , my computer started to work again .
I am very happy and have a feeling of satisfaction .

Take TOEIC exam
I 'm going to take TOEIC exam this weekend .
I 'm going to take the TOEIC ( exam ) this weekend .
I missed it in January since I got flu the day before the test .
I missed it in January since I got the flu the day before the test .
Therefore I 'm glad to be able to take it .
Therefore I 'm glad to be able to take it this time .
I wonder my English vocabulary is improving at this period .
I wonder if my English vocabulary has been improving during this period .

I had my hair cut
I had my hair cut today , becouse summer is coming up soon .
I had my hair cut today because summer is coming soon .
The length of my hair is pretty shot now , compared to before .
The length of my hair is pretty short now , compared to before .
And I feel so good .
I feel so good .

Drive My Car .
Today , I went to office by car .
Today , I went to the ( / my ) office by car .
Today , I drove to my office .
I ride on a train usual .
I ride on a train as usual .
I usually ride on a train .
But , today was really hot and humide .
But , it was really hot and humide today .
But , today was really hot and humid .
I did n't want to walk for long time .
I did n't want to walk for a long time .
I did n't want to walk for a long time .
I like driving car !
I like driving ( my car ) !
But my car is getting worse because it is so old .
But , my car is getting worse because it is so old .
It broken window 's sensor and very noisy .
the window 's sensor and it 's very noisy .
I think I 'd better to buy a new car .
I think I 'd better buy a new car .
But I do n't have enough money : (
But , I do n't have enough money : ( .
Please do n't break my car ! ! !
Please do n't break car ! ! !

My profile
My name is Hikaru Asami .
MY birthday September 21th .
My birthday is on September 21st .
My birthday is on September 21th .
I 'm from Katushika .
My special ability to saied of European all countres metropolitan name .
My special ability to say all of the European countries metropolitan name .
I like watch baseball .
I like to watch baseball .
I like to watch baseball .
My favorit team of `` Hiroshima Toyo Carp `` .
My favorite team is `` Hiroshima Toyo Carp `` .
My favorit team is the `` Hiroshima Toyo Carp `` .
I like travel .
I like to travel .
I like to travel .
I went to vorious parts of Japan .
I went to various parts of Japan .
I went to various parts of Japan .
I went to China last year .
I want to go on a Europe sometime in the future .
I want to go on a tour of Europe sometime in the future .
I want to go to Europe sometime in the future .

24 / 5 / 11
Today , my mom told me that in a high school which is in my hometown , there is a student was suicide .
Today , my mom told me that in a high school in my hometown , there was a student suicide .
I think he suicide because of the pressure from school , because he is not the first one in my hometown , in China .
When I was study in junior high school , my schoolfellow was suicide , many students were happy , because of the unusual holiday .

Swimming is difficult for me , though I live in the southeastern of china where are rich in rivers and lakes .
Swimming is difficult for me although I live inSoutheast China , a place rich in rivers and lakes .
In this summer vacation I decide to learn it .
During this summer vacation , I decided to learn it .
I have already had two swimming classes , from which , I have learn some basic swimming skills , with more and more exercises , I have fall in love with it , it can make our keep fit , what 's more , it 's also a good relaxing way .
I have already had two swimming classes from which I have learned some basic swimming skills . With more and more practice , I have fallen in love with it . It can keep me fit . What 's more , it 's also a good way to relax .
Do you love swimming ? Can you share your swimming experience with me ?
Do you love swimming ? Can you share your swimming experience with me ?

Mobile phone
My mobile phone is docomo foma .
My mobile phone is a DoCoMo foma .
I bought it 3or4 years ago .
I bought it 3 or 4 years ago .
So , I want to change smart phone .
So , I want to change to a smart phone .
Today , I went to docomo shop , and I touched Regza phone .
Today , I went to a DoCoMo shop , _ and I touched / looked at a Regza phone .

A Snow Storm Day , A Lucky Sunday
Yesterday , My family visited the National Museum .
Yesterday my family visited the National Museum .
We knew there are the children 's Museum .
Starting the car , the snow was falling down .
Soon the snow turned into storm
Soon the snow turned into snow storm .
The lane of the road was disappering .
On the ice road , the ABS break system saved us .
When I pushed the break paddel , the car did n't stopped .
When I pushed the break pedal , the car did n't stopp .
I thought that my car would crash .
In that time , the ABS System worked and the car stopped
At the time , the ABS worked and the car stopped
We arrived the museum only to find that the reservation was nessary
We arrived at the museum only to find that a reservation was necessary .
In fact , Reservation is unusual in Korea .
Actually , needing a reservation is unusual in Korea .
So we was able to imagine that .
The sign board showed us
pm 1 : 30 sold out ,
1 : 30 PM sold out ,
pm 3 : 00 sold out ,
3 : 00 PM sold out ,
pm 4 : 30 sold out ,
4 : 30 PM sold out , and
pm 6 : 00 sold out
6 : 00 PM sold out
In front of the sign board , We met a angel .
In front of the sign board , we met a angel .
The angel said us
The angel said us ,
`` I have 4 tickets .
But We have to leave here .
I will give it to you ``
I will give them to you ``
It was a miracle .
We got tickets ! !
Hey , My Child !
Hey , my Child !
Let go to the stone ages ! !
Let visit the Stone Age ! !
Thanks to angel
Thanks to the angel
We spent happy times because of you

A Day Just For Wait
A Day Spent Waiting
Today , I wasted a lot of time just for waiting .
Today , I wasted a lot of time waiting .
Waited my company 's car to help me send shelf to my customer for the whole moring , then waited my customer put the shelf in the supermarket for the whole afternoon .
I waited the entire morning for my company 's car to help me deliver a shelf to my customer and also waited for my customer to put the shelf in the supermarket the whole afternoon .
what a boring day this is !
What a boring day this was !

hello good morning
Hi to all , Good morning . . . ? ?
I hope you have a good day today , , I just woke up this time . . and I am still sleepy hahaha . . .
but I need to wake up now , because the sun is already in a high . . . ? ?
but I need to wake up now , because the sun is already high . . . ? ?
and also its Sunday today , , I need to go to the Church maybe later , , and later too at 3 pm . .
and also its Sunday today , , I need to go to the Church maybe later , , and later too at 3 pm . .
I am going to the B - day Party of my grade school classmates its her daughter 1st b - day , , and also its been a long time since I saw her , . .
I am going to the B - day Party of my grade school classmates its her daughter 1st b - day , , and also its been a long time since I saw her , . .
so later I will tell you what happened . . . ^ _ ^
its 9 : 30 in the morning here , , instead of taking milk and breakfast first , , I opened first my computer hahaha . . .
its 9 : 30 in the morning here , , instead of taking milk and breakfast first , , I opened first my computer hahaha . . . word order
so I need to go now , for a while . .
I am going to make my breakfast I feel a little bit hungry now . . haha ^ _ ^

research essay
Nowadays , there are a lot of teenager 's problems in Hong Kong such as drugs abuse , domestic violence , stressful in school work , nonage sexual behaviour and so on .
Those are serious .
These are serious problems .
In Hong Kong , the government focus on the drugs problem .
In Hong Kong , the government focuses on the drug problem .
Also , Many social workers are concerning about the family and violence problems .
Also , Many social workers are concerned about the family and violence problems .
Schools also change their system to match up teenager 's pressure .
However , it is in lack of taking care of young people sexual behaviour .
However , there are no programs to deal with young people 's sexual behaviour .
So in that case , we want understand more and improve this problem .
As you know young people sexual behaviour is a big mistake and crime .
But why is this issue in recent years will be even more serious ?
But why has this issue in recent years been even more serious ?
The researchers note that `` If women exposed to abuse , domestic violence , and family strife has enduring .
The researchers note that `` If women are exposed to abuse , domestic violence , and family strife , it has enduring effects . ``
It is unfavourable health consequences for women during the adolescent years in childhood are more likely to become pregnant as teenagers , and the risk of becoming pregnant as a teenager increases with the number of adverse childhood experiences .
Low educational expectations have been pinpointed as a risk factor .
Teenagers do not understand difference between love and sex .
Nonage sexual behaviour is illegal .
Also there are many cases which teenagers give up their babies in the street or abortion .
Also there are many cases which teenagers give up their babies in the street or have an abortion .
Abortion also is illegal .
The most important thing , they do not think they are wrong .
The most important thing is , they do not think they are wrong .
Few months ago , a 14 age pregnancy girl .
She write diary and post her pregnant photos on the Internet .
She wrote a diary and posted her pregnancy photos on the Internet .
She was proud of her pregnant .
She was proud of her pregnancy .
We have three kinds of solution to solve teenage pregnancy problem .
We have three kinds of solutions to solve the teenage pregnancy problem .
The first one is government .
The second one is non - government and social workers and the last one is consulting with other countries policies .
The second one is non - government and social workers . The last one is consulting with other countries ' policies .
Firstly , government should support more in sex education .
Firstly , government should invest more in sex education .
Because it is only mainly in secondary schools and too simple .
Also teenagers feel embarrassed to communicate with their teachers and parents .
Also , teenagers feel embarrassed communicating with their teachers and parents .
And their peer group affect them .
Their peer group also affects them .
For example , peer group may give the wrong messages of sex to them .
For example , their peer group may give them the wrong messages regarding & nbsp ; sex .
Teenagers may misunderstand of sex which get the wrong information from peer group .
Teenagers may misunderstand issues regarding sex when they receive incorrect information from their & nbsp ; peer group .
They have curious about sex and try .
They are curious about sex and want to try it .
After the sex education , it reduces the rate of teenage pregnancy .
Sex education reduces the rate of teenage pregnancy .
Teachers can take care of teenagers which teaching them safe sex .
Teachers can take care of teenagers when teaching them safe sex .
Also it can lessen their curious and let them learn the the correct values .
Also , it can reduce their curiosity and let them learn the the correct values .
Moreover , mass media give unsuitable messages to young people , for example , Mother at 14 ( television drama ) , My Guardian Characters ( children 's comic book ) and Juno ( Film ) those are negative message .
Moreover , mass media gives unsuitable messages to young people . For example , Mother at 14 ( television drama ) , My Guardian Characters ( children 's comic book ) , and Juno ( Film ) provide & nbsp ; negative messages .
Young people may try to imitate .
They may think teenage pregnancy is universal phenomenon and western culture or it does not a problem and not special .
They may think teenage pregnancy is a universal phenomenon and part of & nbsp ; Western culture , or that & nbsp ; it is not a problem and not special .
Also it is a trend to follow .
Also , it can be perceived as a trend to follow .
So , Hong Kong government should set up the law such as supervise the mass media .
So , the Hong Kong government should set up the law so & nbsp ; as to supervise the mass media .
On the other hand , government and schools should teach correct social morality to teenage .
And make the parents care about teenagers feeling rather than children 's school work .
After watching the unsuitable messages media , parents should tell the correct information to their children .
Secondly , Mother 's choice is one of the Hong Kong social service can support single girls and women pregnancy . `` Their boyfriends and their family members by means of counselling and other forms of assistance when they are in a difficult and challenging situation .
Mother 's choice aim to make them understand that they have choices and that they are confident they have made the right decision .
Mother 's choice provide hostel service for single girls and women facing crisis pregnancy .
Mother 's choice through community education in the form of school talks , workshops and website deliver sex education knowledge and information to young people , parents and professionals . `` Religious can give some positive message about nonage sexual behaviour to the youth .
They can hold a talk or workshop on the schools and on - line TV on sex education are organized for students , parents , teachers , social workers .
For example , some of the topics covered include dating , relationships , love and sex .
The City of David Cultural Centre , also give the positive message on sexual to children and young people such as silver ring .
It means `` True Love Waits symbol pure love . ``
Thirdly , unwed teenage pregnancies rise to public concern , the Northwest New Territories of the most serious .
Social workers said that these unmarried mothers are from families with children in the face of a lot of pressures , it arranged a `` volunteer mothers `` to help them .
The social workers also should follow the cases .
Social workers can communicate teenagers pregnancy .
Helping them to relieve the pressure .
Finally , the SAR government can follow the policy from Taiwan .
Taiwan government and non - government attack the crime .
Set up the high law to make sure that under age people do not have sex .
If it happens , they will help the youth relieving .
And let them re - integrate into society easily .
Although those solutions are useful and effective , it is not enough , government and those supporters should work together .
We also think making a Jixiang can give the positive message and improve the problem more easily .

Why do I want to study English ?
People often ask me this question .
I work with Japanese company .
I do n't need to use English at daily life .
I do n't need to use English in daily life .
I do n't want to go abroad immediately .
But what 's the matter with that ?
I do n't have strong reason to study English ,
I do n't have a strong reason to study English ,
but I 'd like to study English .
I 'd like to many books from English countries in English .
I 'd like to read many books from English countries in English .
I 'd like to talk with my father 's friends in English without misunderstanding .
Whenever , I 'd like to use English for my work .
Whatever , I 'd like to use English for my work .
( that means I should change my job .
I 'm going to go to California in this July .
I 'm going to California in this July .
I 'm going to go to California this July .
I want to make many friends : )
I also want to make friends with another exchange student and homestay family !
I also want to make friends with other exchange students and the host family !
Acutually , I 'm very nervous but I 'm also looking forward to staying in America .
I 'll try to do my best ! !
I 'll try my best ! !
Thank you for reading : )

thank you e - mail
Thank You E - mail
Thank you e - mail
Hello everyone .
I got job offer this week .
I got a job offer this week .
I got a job offer this week .
A head hunter introduced me this job opportunity .
Other head hunters are sending me that other job opportunity now .
Other head hunters are sending me other job offers now .
Other head hunters are sending meother job opportunities / offers now .
Therefore I want to send thank you e - mail to other head hunters who worked for me .
Therefore I want to send thank you e - mails to the other head hunters who worked for me .
Therefore I want to send thank you e - mails to other head hunters who have been working for me .
Could you check my letter below ?
Thank you .
Hello Mr .
Thank you for your update .
Fortunately I got an offer this week .
I accepted it .
I have accepted it .
I am deeply grateful to you for your cooperation .
I am deeply grateful to you for your cooperation / help / assistance .
Please keep in touch .
Sincerely .
Sincerely ,
Art museum
Today , I went to the art museum in Osaka .
I wanted to go to art museum a long time before .
However , I always do n't have no time to go and take a look .
The museum is having the photo exibition of Moriyama Daido .
I am so excited .
Please correct my bad English ^ ^
Thank you ^ ^ b

Let 's go lunch !
Let 's go to lunch !
Hi , I 'll go to lunch after this .
Hi ! I 'll go to lunch after this .
I 'm thinking that what about eat .
I 'm thinking about what to eat .
Chinese , Italian or India .
Chinese , Italian or Indian food .
I do not eat breakfast are very hungry !
I did not eat breakfast and am very hungry !

Oh my God again !
Now I ' m watching a movie `` American jigoro ( I do n't know how should I spell it ) ``
Right now I 'm watching the movie `` American Gigolo ( I do n't know how should I spell it ) ``
Richard Gia ( I do n't know again how should I spell it ) plays in the movie .
Richard Gere ( I do n't know again how should I spell it ) plays ( stars ) in the movie .
At the movie , he was very young , and so fine , so cute !
In the movie , he was very young and so fine , so cute !
I think he is still cute now , but when he was young , Oh my God !
He is too fine ! ! ! !

The university student is busy ^ ^ ;
The college student is busy ^ ^ ; ( or undergraduate student )
Do you think that the class of university is difficult ?
Do you think that the college class is difficult ?
I majoring in electrical engineering .
I am majoring in electrical engineering .
But it 's tough to keep pace with it for me .
But it 's tough to keep pace with myself .
Is the university in other countries also difficult ?
I was trying to concentrate on the learn for the exam , but the sound of cicadas
I was trying to concentrate on studying for the exam , but the sound of cicadas
was too loud and driving me crazy .
Besides it was really hot today .
Besides , it was really hot today .
So , I decided to go to the library and then I made good progress .
Therefore , I decided to go to the library and then I made a good progress .
I love AC ! !

diary for these days
I am now busy with the computer examination , which will be carried out this Saturday morning .
I am now busy with the computer examination , which will take place this Saturday morning .
I scanned the book this afternoon , and I found that it was so boring and useless to our daily life .
I scanned the book this afternoon , and found that it was boring and not relevant to daily life .
However , as a college school student , I have to accumulate the certificates needed before getting a good job .
However , as a college school student , I have to accumulate the necessary certificates to get a good job .
I have to try my best to pass it , otherwise it will torture the nest semester , at the same time , my plan for study will be influenced .
May God bless me .

Sumo is beautiful
Estonian sumo wrestler Baruto Kaito , 25 ,
Estonian sumo wrestler , Baruto Kaito 25 years old .
referring to his scheduled promotion to ozeki .
His big smile makes me happy !
His big smiley face makes me happy !

the city of China
Today , I give you brief introduction of famouscity - - shenzhen .
SHENZHEN is a coastal city in the southern and an area of 2020 square km , enjoying sub - tropical marine climate and having plenty of rainfall .
It is a charming garden city with picture squescenery and pleasant weather .
It is a charming garden city with picturesque scenery and pleasant weather .
SHENZHEN was setupasthe economic specialzone in 1980 .
SHENZHEN was setup as the economic special zone in 1980 .
It has developed from a small frontier town to amodern city , whose comprehensive economic strength has led the large and middle cities in china .
It has developed from a small frontier town to a modern city , whose comprehensive economic strength has led the large and middle cities in china .
Hi - techindustryi safeature that has constituted the first in creasing section in the economic development of shenzhen .
High - tech industries are feature that have constituted the first increasing section in the economic development of shenzhen .
The tourism of shenzhen develops rapidly .
up to now , well - knowtourist spots have been constructed , such as window of the word , splendid china miniature the mepark , china folk culture villages , 8 golf courses , over 40 bowling hall sandmany recreational facilities and resorts .
In addition , there are about ten historical and cultural relics from the new stone age to ming and qing dynasties as well as modern revolutionary sites in china .
In addition , there are about ten historical and cultural relics from the new stone age to Ming and Qing dynasties as well as modern revolutionary sites in china .
Becoming a tourist attraction in southern china .
china folk culture villages is a showcaseofart , customand architectural styles of different . ' being from life and yet going upon to ahigher plain than life itself , absorbing what is good and rejecting what is bad ' is the guide line for th econstrutionof the park
The china folk culture villages are showcases of the different arts , customs and architectural styles . ' being from life and yet going upon to a higher plain than life itself , absorbing what is good and rejecting what is bad ' is the guideline for the construction of the park

listening to English
It 's the easiest to listen to English in music , especially the Beatles and Tthe Carpenters .
It 's easiest to listen to English in music , especially the Beatles and The Carpenters .
( Some music is impossible to listen , though ) It 's the secound easiest to listen to English on radio .
( Some music is impossible to listen to though ) . It 's second easiest to listen to English on the radio .
To listen to English spoken in movie or drama is the most difficult .
It 's toooooooooooo hard ! !
Sometimes they speak quietly , so I can not hear well !
Sometimes they speak while others are speaking !
Anyway it 's sooo difficult for me !

Listening to J - wave
I often listen to J - wave in my car , a Honda Fit .
I often listen to J - wave in my car ( a Honda Fit ) .
Personalities in the radio programme are very friendly and gentle , which means we may easily listen to the programmes without any offense , but sometimes I do n't like their goody two shoes attitudes .
The radio personalities on the programme are very friendly and polite , which means we can easily listen without getting offended , but sometimes I do n't like their goody two shoes attitudes .
Perhaps I am just a contrary person .

Old Friend
I ran into an old friend today .
At first , I noticed familiar face when I was going to buy underwears at UNIQULO that the largest apparel company in Japan but I did n't have confidence that He was my old friend .
At first , I noticed his familiar face when I was going to buy underwear at UNIQULO , the largest apparel company in Japan , but I was n't confident that he was my old friend .
I noticed his familiar face as I was buying underwear at UNIQULO ( the largest apparel company in Japan ) , but I was n't confident that I could still consider him a friend .
Because I have never met him since junior high school graduation .
Because I have n't met him since my junior high school graduation .
This is because I have n't seen him since my junior high school graduation .

About a week
I did not write dairies for almost a week because I was lazy . ( I am not going to say BUSY ) My previous English tutor told me that never use BUSY as the excuse to postpone something , because no matter how much busy you are , millions people will be busier than you such as presidents , CEOs , Famous and a lot of people .
I did not write dairies for almost a week because I was lazy . ( I am not going to say BUSY ) My previous English tutor told me to never use BUSY as the excuse to postpone something , because no matter how busy you are , millions people will be busier than you such as presidents , CEOs , celebrities and a lot of people .
What did I do these days ?
Let me think . . . .
I went to the Chinese medicine hospital last Thu , helped my Japanese friend to find a sweet room on Fri , set up the internet and went to a darts bar with him on Sat , played the beach vollyball and fooled around with some new friends at a beautiful beach in the north Taiwan on Sunday .
I went to the Chinese medicine hospital last Thu , helped my Japanese friend to find a sweet room on Fri , set up the internet and went to a darts bar with him on Sat , played beach vollyball and fooled around with some new friends at a beautiful beach in the north Taiwan on Sunday .
Well , nothing special about the blue Monday but something just happened on my back , because it started hurting again .
What 's wrong with my body ?
I wanna dance ! ! !
Just let me ~ ~ please ~ ~ ~ !

keep practicing
How do I become better English speaker ?
How do I become abetter English speaker ?
That 's just a matter of keeping practicing .
It 's just a matter of ( keeping ) practice .
I know , I know . . .

Today , I got a dayoff and went to see the circus with my family .
Today , I got a day off and went to see the circus with my family .
It was the first time to see a live circus , because I got invitation
tickets .
The circus havs run every this season in this area
The circus has run every season in this area
from when I was a child .
from ( since ) when I was a child .
I have never seen a live because I could have seen it on TV
I have never seen itlive ( or `` a live performance `` ) because I could have seen ( see ) it on TV
and the admission fee was expensive .
Actually , a live circus was interesting ,
Actually , the live circus was interesting ,
and my little daughter was very excited .
My daughter 's pleasure was the best for me on this show .
My daughter 's pleasure was the best for me from this show .
But if someone ask me to go again , I wo n't go even I pay .
But if someone asks me to go again , I wo n't go even ( if ? ) I pay .

Target446 - 456
Recently I was a bit lazy . . .
Recently I have been a bit lazy . . .
polite : I met with a very polite girl recently .
decent : His father wanted him to get decent education , so his family moved from his country .
decent : His father wanted him to get a decent education , so his family moved from his country .
innocent : He tried to prove his innocence , but no one did n't believe what he said .
innocent : He tried to prove his innocence , but no one believed what he said .
innocent : He tried to prove his innocence , but no one believed what he said .
sesitive : She said her skin is sensitive to every stimuli so she does n't wanna go on a hike .
sensitive : She said her skin is sensitive to every stimuli , so she does n't want to go on a hike .
sesitive : She said her skin is sensitive to every stimuli so she does n't want to go on a hike .
serious : I thought she was joking , but when I looked at her face , it was quite serious so I realized she was saying the truth .
serious : I thought she was joking , but when I looked at her face , it was quite serious so I realized she was telling the truth .
noble : I think every person need something noble in their life .
noble : I think every person needs something noble in their life .
noble : I think every person needs something noble in their life .
brave : My friend said I 'm brave , but I could n't find any brave character in me .
brave : My friend said I 'm brave , but I could n't find any brave qualities in myself .
brave : My friend said I 'm brave , but I could n't find any brave characters in me .
bold : I thought I was bold to ask her such a thing .
sound : Hannah 's lifestyle is quite sound , so she is very healthy .
lazy : I 'm a lazy person .
I wonder if the usage of `` serious `` above is correct .
I wonder if the usage of `` serious `` above is correct . It is ! = )

Thank you
Thank you for always writing comment .
Thank you for always writing comments .
I 'm happy and it is studied .
I 'm happy and study them .
I think that it is difficult to always think as for the English .
I think that it is difficult to always think in English .
I thought that it was necessary to study more .
Because I want to go for studying abroad someday , I do my best .
Because I want to study abroad someday , I 'll do my best .
I read an English book every day .
It is nice , becouse it is studied and the word is learned .
It is nice , because I can study and learn new words .
I enjoy spending life every day .
I enjoy life every day .

This is my first lang - 8 . . .
I started learning english recentry .
I started learning english . recently
English is very difficult to me , but I enjoy to learn that .
English is very difficult to me , but I enjoy learning .
Please teach me english ! : )

tow diary in one day .
Two diaries in one day .
I always wrote diary towice in one day .
I always write a diary twice a day .
because I wrote in korean and in Lang - 8 .
Because I write in Korean and in Lang - 8 .
every day . ! ! !
Every day . ! ! !
well , sometimes I foget to write in korean .
well , sometimes I forget to write in korean .
Well , sometimes I forget to write in Korean .
hehe - _ - ;
Hehe - _ - ;

Early Rising
I have been trying to get up early these days .
In the spring break , I went to bed around 3 a .
During spring break , I would go to bed around 3 a .
m and sleeped till 1 p . m .
m and sleep till 1 p . m .
The new semester will start from next week and some class will begin at 11 a . m .
The new semester will start next week and some of my classes will begin at 11 a . m .
It 's a shame to let them just pass for lazy sleeping .
It 's a shame to let them pass me by because of oversleeping .
So I wake up at 8 a .
So I have been waking up at 8 a .
m lately .
It 's not easy for me to wake up ealry and sometimes I feel an irrestitible urge to sleep in daytime , but still I manage to get out of bed at least 8 a .
It 's not easy for me to wake up early and sometimes I feel an irrestitible urge to sleep during the day , but still I manage to get out of bed by at least 8 a .
m lately .
I have an appointment to meet my boss in the new workplace tomorrow a bit late night .
I have an appointment to meet my boss at my new job tomorrow a bit late at night .
I will fight myself to keep me awake tomorrow ! !
I will fight to keep myself awake tomorrow ! !

I asked my wife to send a package to my mother .
That included electronic dictionary that I borrowed from her long time ago .
The package included an electronic dictionary that I borrowed from her a long time ago .
that included an electronic dictionary that I borrowed from her a long time ago .
I had forgotten to return but she suddenly called me and asked to return .
I had forgotten to return it , but she suddenly called me and asked for it to be returned .
I had forgotten to return it and she suddenly called me and asked me to return it .
So I found in my desk and she sent it with some souvenir .
So I found it in my desk and she sent it with some souvenirs .
So I found it in my desk and she sent it with some souvenirs .
I called my mom and let her know it was sent from my wife this morning .
I called my mom and let her know it was sent by my wife this morning .
I called my mom and let her know it was sent by my wife this morning .
She said thank you .
After I finished my work , I met a friend who is member of same English circle .
After I finished my work , I met a friend who is member of the same English circle .
After I finished my work , I met a friend who is a member of the same English circle as I am .
I borrowed about 10 DVDs from her .
She has a lot of DVDs which was counted over 200 !
She has a lot of DVDs which at last count was over 200 !
She has more than 200 DVDs !
I introduced the Lang - 8 to her .
I introduced her to Lang - 8 .
I introduced Lang - 8 to her .
I said it was good for study .
I said it was good for studying .
I said it was good for studing .
Then we went for drink a little and had a good time to talk .
Then we went for a little drink and had a good time talking .
Then we went for a quick drink and had a good time talking .
She said she wanted to begin studying English radio program .
She said she wanted to begin studying an English radio program .
She said she wanted to begin studying using an English radio program .
So we will study the same program and check what we learn every week .
So we will study the same program and compare what we learnt every week .
That will be a good motivation to learn English .
No sooner did I come back home by bicycle than did the rain fall .
It started raining just as I got home by bicycle .
No sooner did I come back home by bicycle than it started to rain .
Maybe I was lucky today !

Making Tomato spagetti sauce at home
Yesterday I bought a great deal of ripen tomatoes .
Yesterday , I bought a great deal of ripened tomatoes .
So I have decided to make tomato spagetti sauce at home .
First I slightly cut the cross on the surface of the tomatoes , then put them into the bioled water for a brief time , peeled and smashed them .
Now I 'm going to boil them with onions and garlic for a long time

absent - minded
I should or , actually , I have to study hard this week - end , but you know , there 's always some stuff that catch my attention more than studying .
I should or , actually , I have to study hard this week - end , but you know , there 's always some stuff that catches my attention more than studying .
I bet many of you understand what I mean , do n't you ?

What is Happiness ? Part 2
What is Happiness ? Part 2
While I was listening to her story , I was looking at my dinner that already became cold .
While I was listening to her story , I was looking at my dinner that had already became cold .
Both we were n't eating .
Both of us were n't eating .
She sometimes showed me her tears and sighed .
She sometimes expressed her tears and sighed .
Actually I had no idea to encourage her , so I decided to become a good listener .
Actually , I listened to her since I could n't encourage her .
I know that when people ask us to listen to their stories , they just want to tell their stories to their friends who can listen to them well and do n't tell the stories to everybody .
In my case I live in the place where is far from hers , so we do n't have any common friends .
It was better for her to tell her private story .
I could tell her my opinion both sides that is from a daughter 's in low side and my painting friend ' aspect .
However , I listened to her story silently .
However , I listened to her story silently .
All I could do was to grip her hands .
All I could do was to grip her hands .
To tell you to the truth , I really wanted to hug her , but I could n't because I did n't want to surprise her .
To tell you to the truth , I really wanted to hug her , but I could n't because I did n't want to surprise her .
Hugging is n't a part of Japanese culture .
Hugging is n't a part of Japanese culture .
She told me that our happiness ca n't keep forever , but on the other hand , our unhappiness also ca n't keep forever .
That 's life .
That 's life . : (
God sometimes tests us whether we can overcome it or not .
After we conquer the test , we can further improve ourselves .
She also talked about our retribution .
After her daughter in law escaped from her family , she blamed her .
The negative feelings occurred her brother 's death .
She really seemed to regret the behavior .
I do n't know well , but I want to think that if we try to live with positive feelings , good things come to us .
I hope she can conquer her problem and shows me her smiling face as soon as possible .
All I can tell is that everyone ca n't feel the same happiness .
My happiness and your happiness are different .
Her daughter 's in low happiness is also different from hers .
How we should do for all of us to become feel happiness at the same time ?

I like golf .
It becomes cheaper compared with before .
It is cheaper to play now compared with before .
Though the origin of golf is unclear , it seems that shepherds knocked stones into rabbit holes is an established theory .
Though the origins of golf are unclear , it seems that shepherds knocking stones into rabbit holes is an established theory .
If it has been remaining , the cost is nothing , right ?
If it had been kept that way , it would cost nothing , right ?
Congratulations , Ai - chan .
Anyway , I want to see Tiger play golf greatly .
Anyway , I really want to see Tiger play golf .

It is hard rain today .
It is raining hard today .
In Japan , a lot of typhoon come in September .
In Japan , there are a lot of typhoons in September .
I am worried about the way home .
I am worried about getting back home .
Probably the train will stop .
The train will probably have to stop .

About social participation
My interpreter 's class was so tough for me at last lesson .
My interpreter 's class was so tough for me last lesson .
My interpreter class 's last lesson was very tough / difficult for me .
The theme was `` About social participation in Japan . ``
The theme was about social participation in Japan .
The theme was , `` Social Participation in Japan . ``
One of my classmate presented that Japanese nation is straggling and facing low economical also political .
One of my classmates made a presentation about how Japan is struggling and facing tough economic times as well as political issues .
One of my classmates pointed out that Japan is struggling with and facing a poor economy as well as political problems .
For the past twenty years , Especially middle - aged men has much abilities and powerfull .
For the past twenty years , specially middle - aged men in particular have had many abilities and privileges .
For the past twenty years , middle - aged men especially , have had position and power .
They could controled all over the Japan .
They could control all of Japan .
They controlled all of Japan .
However they do n't have enough abilities and display now .
However they do n't have enough abilities and publicity now .
However , they do n't have enough power and visibility now .
So we need get second wind .
So , we need to get a second wind .
In the future more people who are women , non - residence and youth would be participate in any social movements .
In the future more people who are women , non - residence and youth should participate in any social movements .
In the future more people , women , non - residents and the youth , should participate in any social movement .
It 'll be better than now .
It should be better than now .
That theme was felt abstract for me .
That theme felt abstract for me .
That theme felt too abstract to me .
I thought she should have present more detail concrete .
I thought she should have focused more on the concrete details .
I thought she should have presented more concrete details / examples .

Is there A method to language learning ?
During the last years I have been learning a lot about language learning .
Although at the university they seem to care more about language teaching , if you check out the Internet or ask language learners out there you will find out that what really matter is learning .
It 's all about learning and how to do it , how to learn a language .
Once you know how , you just do it , without further questions .
There are many methods , many ways in which one can learn a language .
We are , naturally , always looking for the best method , the fastest way , the easiest patch to mastering English , Japanese , Spanish , whateverish . . .
We are , naturally , always looking for the best method , the fastest way , the easiest path to mastering English , Japanese , Spanish , whateverish . . .
In fact , there are good and bad methods .
Take language schools for instance : Language schools , when combined with poor teachers , can be amazingly awful .
I 'm not saying all schools are bad , but you probably know that guy who spent years and years learning English ( or any other language ) at that school and ended up not being able to maintain a basic conversation or read the newspaper in English .
On the other hand , good methods [ Assimil ? ] when wrongly used can produce poor results .
On the other hand , good methods [ Assimil ? ] when used wrong can produce poor results .
Some methods can be too hardcore for our softcore minds [ AJATT ? ] , although we know the method itself really works , we just ca n't follow / do it .
In the end , what you should know , what you should [ at least you should . . . ] notice by yourself is that there is n't A METHOD for language learning .
In the end , what you should know , what you should [ at least you should . . . ] notice by yourself is that there is n't A SINGLE METHOD for language learning .
Each student have to find his own method , his own way of learning .
Each student has to find his own method , his own way of learning .
Of course this is n't an easy thing to do .
Of course , this is n't an easy thing to do .
I have been studying languages on and off for about 7 years , and still do n't know what kind of study suits me better .
I know some things work and some do n't , but to find out exactly how do it is n't that easy .
I know some things work and some do n't , but to find out exactly how to do it is n't that easy .
All methods have good and bad points , so what you have to do is notice the good points and use it in your way .
All methods have good and bad points , so what you have to do is notice the good points and use them in your own way .
As I said , each one has his own method of learning , so maybe what works for you is n't going to work for me , but you still have to check out , try it out .
Take a look at AJATT , learning about exposure , RSS and 10000 hours of hard - work .
Check out Steve Kaufmann ideas on language learning , try his system `` LingQ `` .
Watch youtubes from professor Argueles and Stu Jay .
Go to a language school near your house .
Write something on Lang - 8 .
Try out Pimsleur , MIchel Thomas , Assimil , etc .
There are many , MANY , methods for language learning .
None of them will ever be THE METHOD .
Lisa can learn 10 languages using only Assimil , Thania can learn the same using AJATT method , and Claudia can learn just going to classes .
Of course I 'm being a bit stagy , but I just want to show that there is n't one method that rules over all others .
Of course I 'm being a bit theatrical , but I just want to show that there is n't one method that rules over all others .
Your method will probably be a combination of many methods .
That 's why you have to try out different approaches , and once you find out your way , sick to it and keep going !
If you work - hard on it , you probably will not only find out what learning methods and strategies suit you better , but you also will start to notice some universal principles about language learning .
If you work hard on it , you probably will not only find out which learning methods and strategies suit you better , but you also will start to notice some universal principles about language learning .
The average language learner , who usually follows just one methods ( like many English teacher here in Brazil who have learned English using the same method for more than 20 years ) , will probably not learn these principles and , therefore , become kind of limited when it comes to how to learn a language .
The average language learner , who usually follows just one methods ( like many English teachers here in Brazil who have taught English using the same method for more than 20 years ) , will probably not learn these principles and , therefore , become kind of limited when it comes to how to learn a language .
The union of knowing the principles of language learning and what study methods and strategies suit you better is certainly the best method ( your best method ! ) .
You just have to find it out !

I went to the swimming pool with my daughter .
We had a very good time playing chasing game in the water .
We had a very good time playing a chasing game in the water .
I 'm very happy to see tat my daughter started to have more confident in the water because she could n't put her face in the water before she goes to swimming lessons .
I 'm very happy to see that my daughter started to have more confidence in the water because she could n't put her face in the water before she went to swimming lessons .
She was even scare of getting a bit of splash on her face when she had a shower .
She was even scared of getting a splash on her face when she had a shower .
Now she can head - stand in the water !
Now she can do a headstand in the water !
As her school will have a swimming lesson starting soon , hopefully she has no problem in the water and can enjoy swimming with others .
As her school will have swimming lessons starting soon , hopefully she will have no problem in the water and can enjoy swimming with others .
I can tell the chlorine in the pool was very strong since even though a bit of splash of the water hurts my eyes quite a bit .
I can tell the chlorine in the pool was very strong since a splash of the water hurt my eyes quite a bit .
In addition to that , I felt really tired after getting out of the water although I had n't swim much .
In addition to that , I felt really tired after getting out of the water although I had n't swum much .
So I will go to bed early tonight .

It has been already December .
It is already December .
Did you enjoy every day ?
Did you enjoy every day so far ?
I enjoy spending time every day .
What will you do Christmas ?
I will go to Shouwakinennkouenn .
Do you know Shouwakinennkouenn ?
The illuminations in this park are wonderful .
If you have a free time , you should go this park .
You go , and there is not the loss .
If you go , you will not regret it .

study more English
Study More English
I want to know English words , and I look words up with dictionary .
I want to know more English words , and I look words up with a dictionary .
I wish I could speak English .
I want to learn English more and more .
I do n't know many English words and grammars and idioms and culture and blur blur , , , , , I had no choice but to study English every day .
I do n't know many English words and grammar and idioms and culture , etc . , , , , , I have no choice but to study English every day .
That 's why I have to go to Canada , I want to go there ! ! !
That 's why I have to go to Canada . I want to go there ! ! !
so I dooooooo n't give up ! ! !
So , I dooooooo n't give up ! ! !
I do n't loose myself !
I do n't lose myself !
I do my best every day .
But I 'm Japanese , so My thinking things are in Japanese x ( I want to think things in English .
But I 'm Japanese , so my thinking of things is in Japanese . x ( I want to think things in English .
Maybe my sentences have many mistakes .
I want to use correct English .
Grammar is difficult for me x ( I want to have confident my English .
Grammar is difficult for me . x ( I want to have confidence in my English .
Grammar is difficult for me x ( I want to have confidents in my English .

I feel fine !
I made a goof yesterday .
I goofed off yesterday .
I stopped by a drugsrore to buy a bath additive and skin lotion , which are my favorite , after work .
And , I also stopped by a superemarket near my house to buy something to get a bite .
And then , I stopped at a supermarket near my house to buy something to eat .
When I went back home , I left things I bought at the drug store over there and forgot about it !
When I came back home , I left the things I bought at the drug store and forgot about it !
I found it 2 hrs later , so I rushed to the supermarket and asked the cashier where it is .
I remembered 2 hrs later , so I rushed to the supermarket and asked the cashier where they were .
Fortunately , He kept them , and I could find them .
Fortunately , he kept them , and I found / took them .
( I said to him , ' I do n't know how I can ever say thank you ! ' )
Anyway , All 's Well That Ends Well .
The One With the Sonogram at the End ( part1 - 2 )
Please explan the following setences .
Please explain the following sentences .
I could not understand them .
well , she has issues .
She did n't leave in such a hurry after all .
Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born .
Ugly Naked Guy got a ThighMaster .
That stomped on your heart in front of your family .
Probably right before she lost it .
( It happened ) right before she lost control of her reactions / emotions .
You do n't get a lot of `` doy `` these days .
How do you fit into this whole thing ?
How are you connected to this situation .
The big one had a thing for you .
The big one found you attractive .
They all had a thing for him !
There are people , like Ross , who need to shoot for the starts .
They get the job done !
When did it get so complicated ?
So what have you been up to ?
We 're kind of a thing now .
And we all know what a challenge that is .
We know how troublesome / difficult it is to do .

How are you ?
me ? not bad .
But I got throat pain .
But I have a sore throat .
I went to Karaoke !
so I got throat pain that I was singing very much .
I wanna try to sing some song .
I wanna try to sing some songs .
Rap , Rock , Punk etc .
Therefore , when I sing a foreign song I 'm always stifled .
Therefore , whenever I sing a foreign song I 'm always stifled .
Plz tell me good singing skills .
Plz teach me good singing skills .
Someday , I 'll be singing and dancing both on stage that looks like MJ . haha = D
Plz tell me your favorite song !
Easy singing is better for me . . = D
+ shino +

In japan there is a full going around .
In Japan there is a flu going around .
In Japan , there is a flu going around .
Or , it might be a all over the world , is n't it ?
Actually , it 's all over the world , is n't it ?
Maybe it 's the same for everywhere else , is n't it ?
and so , I also have gotten it since the other day , in spite of haveing been immunizing !
I also got it the other day , in spite of having been immunized !
and so , I also have gotten it the other day , in spite of me being ! immune .
and so , I also got it the other day , in spite of having immunity to it !
but now , my fever have gone down by a tamiflu , several different types of Chinese medecine , and with my parent 's good nursing .
But now , my fever has gone down with Tamiflu , several different types of Chinese medicine , and with my parent 's good nursing .
But now my fever has gone down through `` tamiflu `` , several different types of Chinese medecine , and my parent 's good nursing .
However ( Fortunately ) , my fever has gone down by taking tamiflu , several different types of Chinese medicine , and with my parent 's good nursing .
Thank you !

I sold a lot of books at Book - Off .
Today , I sold about 200 books at Book - Off .
It priced 6000yen ( $ 73 ) .
It totaled out to 6000yen ( $ 73 ) in sales .
It valued them at 6000yen ( $ 73 ) .
Book - Off is largest franchise of used bookstore in Japan .
Book - Off is the largest franchise of used bookstores in Japan .
Book - Off is the largest franchise of used bookstores in Japan .
To bring 3 carton boxes of books , I rent a car at Kichijoji .
To bring 3 carton boxes of books , I rented a car at Kichijoji .
I 'm a member of car sharing system ' Times plus ' and I can rend a car for short period .
I 'm a member of a car sharing system ' Times plus ' and I can rent a car for short periods .
I 'm a member of the car sharing system ' Times plus ' , and I can rent a car for a short period of time .
The car costs 200yen ( $ 2 . 4 ) per 15minutes .
It 's very good system who do n't want to own a car .
It 's a very good system for those who do n't want to own a car .
It 's very good system for those who do n't want to own a car .

First diary ( ^ - ^ )
Hi , everyone .
Hi , everyone .
I 'd like to introduce myself .
I 'm Japanese and live in Japan .
I try to study English .
I like to travelling , take photo and shopping . ( ^ - ^ )
I like travelling , taking photos and shopping . ( ^ - ^ )
I have to been to Canada , Australia and Thailand .
I have been to Canada , Australia and Thailand .
I hopt to go Eurpe , U .
I hope to go Europe , U .
I hope to go to Europe , America
A . , Egypt and Japan ( ha , ha ) and want to see
, Egypt and Japan ( ha ha ) to see
world heritage .
world heritage sites .
I always make think to important natures value .
I think it 's important to always value nature .
ON natures ON life ( ^ - ^ ) / /
NO natures NO life ( ^ - ^ ) / /
NO NATURE , NO LIFE ( ^ - ^ ) / /

I woke up at 12 : 00 this morning .
I slept in till noon today .
I had a large wash .
So I did the laundry .
And I went to the college .
I talked about study abroad with professor .
I talked about studying abroad with the / my professor .
Now I 'm worried .
Today I listened , a photo exhibition in Ukraine will be held at our university .
I ate out with friend .
I ate out with a friend .
I ate Pizza .
It 's very delicious ! !

My friend changed to a cockroach ! !
A short time ago , my friend changed to a cockroach .
A short time ago , my friend changed into a cockroach .
A short time ago , my friend changed into a cockroach .
I was very surprised .
I 'll write about the story at my bathroom .
I 'll write about the story that happened in my bathroom .
I 'll write about what happened in my bathroom .
It was this afternoon .
I washed oneself with my body sponge , like a panda as the everyday .
I washed oneself with my body sponge , like a panda as they do everyday .
I washed myself with my body sponge , shaped like a panda , as I do every day .
Then , something did happened .
Then , something happened .
Then , something happened .
Suddenly `` the fellow `` was passing me so quickly !
Suddenly `` this fellow `` passed by me quickly !
`` Oh no !
It 's a cockroach ! `` I shouted , and pointed shower at it .
It 's a cockroach ! `` I shouted , and pointed the shower head at it .
It 's a cockroach ! `` I shouted , and pointed the showerhead at it .
After a few minutes , I took back my calm mind .
After a few minutes , I was able to regain my calm .
After a few minutes , I calmed down .
It wo n't move .
It stopped moving .
It was n't moving .
`` What happened ? `` I thought .
I felt relieved .
It was body sponge 's leg ( panda 's ) .
It was the sponge 's ( panda 's ) leg .
I somehow laugh .
I somehow laughed .
I laughed .
I decided to operate it ( decided to weave its leg . )
I decided to operate on it ( decided to weave its leg . )
I decided to operate it ( sew its leg back on . )
After all , it got back its ordinary figure safely .
After that , it was back to normal .
Now , it watch me from the desk .
Now , it watches me from the desk .
Now , it watches me from the desk .
What a fearful story this was ! !
What a fearful story that was ! !
Thank you for reading .
Good night : )

Nice to meet you !
I 'm nickat .
This is the first my diary .
It is difficult for me to speak and write with English .
It is difficult for me to speak and write in English .
So , I decided to join Lang - 8 to improve my English skills ! !
Please feel free to make friends with me !
And let 's tell own language each other ! !
And let 's tell own language to each other ! !
Thank you : )

Nothing and Nothing again
Two days have past .
My thinking was brought to a standstill .
My thinking has come to a standstill .
I have no idea for that .
I have no ideas .
So , it is nothing and nothing again .
So , there is nothing and nothing again .
I am very sad now .
Where does my inspiration go ?
Where did my inspiration go ?
Come back !

traveling with my class
I traved with my class 3 days ago .
I traveled with my class 3 days ago .
Although we were tired but everybody felt pleased .
Although we were tired everybody felt pleased .
We took many photo , about 700 pictures .
We took many photos ; about 700 .
we went to a island , it name is Thung Nai , this is a new tourist spot .
we went to an island , its name is Thung Nai and it is a new tourist spot .
People who live there is friendly , has fresh air , has many fruit trees .
People who live there are friendly , it has fresh air and many fruit trees .
After this journey I understand my friends and love them so much .
After this journey I understand my friends better and love them so much .
I think they feel its , too .
I think they feel the same way .

I had went to indoor climbing
Today 's Yokohama was rainy day thought I had fulfilled my plan in my previous journal .
Today in Yokohama it was rainy , though I had fulfilled my plan in my previous journal .
Heavy feeling of my body was vanished by to exercise indoor climbing .
The heavy feeling of my body was relieved by indoor climbing exercise .
Instead , my palm skin like peel and I can hardly move my tired body .
Afterwards , my palm skin peeled and I could hardly move my tired body .
But I 'll be into good night 's sleep .
But I 'll have a good night 's sleep .
So I 'll must fight feeling that is not go to my office .
I must fight the feeling of not wanting to go to my office .
I guess I 'll be assaulted to muscle ache in the morning tomorrow .
I guess I 'll suffer muscle ache tomorrow morning .

Chestnut Hill
I 've read The Scheme Team that is 5th book of Chestnut Hill Series .
I 've read The Scheme Team , the 5th book in the Chestnut Hill Series .
Chestnut Hill Sreies are written by Lauren Brooke .
The Chestnut Hill Series is written by Lauren Brooke .
She also wrote Heartland Series .
They are my favourite .
This series has four heroines .
They are 7th grader students of a borading school for girls called Chestnut Hill .
They are 7th grader students in a boarding school for girls called Chestnut Hill .
The school has good horse riding programs as well as educational 's .
The school has good horse riding programs as well as educational programs .
They face some dificulties .
They face some difficulties .
But each case , they help each other to overcome those .
But in each case , they help each other to overcome these difficulties .
That 's what 's friends are for .
In this series , the relationship with horses is n't so main topic of the story , comparing with Heartland Series .
In this series , the relationship with horses is n't so much the main topic of the story , compared to the Heartland Series .
Still the devotion to horses of heroines is imporant .
Still the heroines ' devotion to horses is prominent in the story .
I started reading the 6th book of this series today .

Terrible Internship Experience
Last month , I began my internship as a third year undergraduate with one of the most famous English tutorial schools in Thailand .
During my interview , the atmosphere was so stressful and competitive .
The interviewers ask us [ 18 interviewees including me ] to come up with an idea of a new product and the marketing strategy to make it outstanding .
The interviewers asked us [ 18 interviewees including me ] to come up with an idea of a new product and the marketing strategy to make it outstanding .
It was like I was going to be a marketer ! ! ! !
I was really surprised but not nervous because I takes International Business Management at the university .
I was really surprised but not nervous because I take International Business Management at the university .
There had been 2 interviews before I got the internship program .
There had been two interviews before I got the internship program .
Unlike what I expected , I am not here to learn any single skill or talent useful for future career life but to use the skills I already possess .
It is unbelievable that such a famous English tutorial school , with more than 60 branches and 30000 students nationwide , would have only 4 - 5 academic officers to make the course .
Guess what ?
All of them gave me their jobs to complete .
Moreover , the new employees who had just come to work only 2 weeks told me to finish his work of 19 page translation within 2 weeks .
Moreover , one of the new employees who had just come to work only two weeks before told me to finish his work of a 19 page translation within 2 weeks .
And to compose 17 English vocabulary poems for SAT course .
And to compose 17 English vocabulary poems for a SAT course .
I was and still be infuriated with the way they treat internship student .
I was and still am infuriated with the way they treat an internship student .
I got only 100 Baht per day , which is about 3 dollars a day !
I get only 100 Baht per day , which is about 3 dollars a day !
The only thing which holds me here is the extra money that the academic executive told me she would give .
That 's all I have for my entry this week .
Thanks a bunch if you are willing to correct it for me !

Second day since I registered this cite
It 's been two days since I registered at this site
What a great cite !
What a great site !
I wish I could have used it when I was a student .
Anyway , I have a one - year - boy .
Anyway , I have a one - year - old boy .
He ca n't talk at all now , but he always says `` Oh ! `` .
He ca n't talk at all yet , but he always says `` Oh ! `` .
Whenever he finds something ( dog , light , button , etc . . . ) , he says `` Oh ! `` .
Whenever he finds something ( a dog , a light , a button , etc . . . ) , he says `` Oh ! `` .
He discovers something every day like a inventer .
He discovers something every day like an inventor .
I wonder what he will discover tomorrow ?

I woke up late
I woke up few munites ago .
I woke up few minutes ago .
I have a meeting today , so there is a subject that I have to do .
I have a meeting today , so there work that I have to do .
I have to rush .
It 's awfully .
I 'm really late .
I 'm going back to my work now . . . .

A fireworks display !
A Firework Display !
I went to a fireworks display on August 7 .
I went to a fireworkdisplay on August 7 .
It was hold the sea of my hometown .
It was held near the sea at my hometown .
The fireworks was set off ten thousand .
About ten thousand of fireworks were set off .
I went there wearning yukata with my friends .
I went there wearning a yukata with my friends .
There were many stalls .
I ate crepe and fried chicken .
They were both delicious !
Both of them were delicious !
After that , I watch the fireworks .
After that , I watched the fireworks .
It was wonderful and I was excited ! !
They were wonderful and I was excited ! !
I want to go there again next year .

Michael , Michael , Michael !
Have you ever watched the movie `` THIS IS IT `` ?
Have you ever seen the movie `` This is it `` ?
In Japan , the movie got a No . 1 on a weekly movie chart .
In Japan , the movie got to No . 1 on a weekly movie chart .
A lot of my friends have watched `` THIS IS IT `` and all of them has been enthusiastic to Micheal Jackson .
A lot of my friends have seen `` This is it `` and all of them have been enthusiastic about Micheal Jackson .
I 've been also a fanatic to Michael Jackson since I was teenager , but I ca n't go to watch the movie because I have to take care of my two young children with my wife . . .
I 've also been a Michael Jackson fanatic since I was a teenager , but I ca n't go see the movie because I have to take care of my two young children with my wife . . .
sigh . . .
BTW , I can dance choreographs of Micheal Jackson 's promotion videos , such as `` Thriller `` and `` Billie Jean `` , `` Smooth Criminal `` .
BTW , I can do the dances in Micheal Jackson 's music videos , like `` Thriller , `` `` Billie Jean , `` and `` Smooth Criminal `` .
I will teach a choreograph of `` Thriller to my friends , who belongs to a dance club member .
I will teach the dance of `` Thriller `` to my friend who is a dance club member .
Anyway , RIP , great MJ !

Buiding A Model
I was sleepy in the morning .
I lay my body on the bed almost all of the morning .
I thought it was not good for me .
I started building a plastic model .
When I am building a model , I can easily concentrate .
I do n't feel sleepy when I 'm building a model .
I made GM which appears in Japanese animation `` Mobile Suit Gundam . `` I like this robot .
I made a GM , which appears in Japanese animation `` Mobile Suit Gundam . `` I like this robot .
There are various types of GM which attract me .
It is also fun to paint differently from original version .
It is also fun to paint differently from the original version .
I have a GM .
But I want to have 3 GMs .

Submited graduate thesis
Yesterday , I submitted graduate thesis .
Yesterday , I submitted my graduation thesis .
I thought that submitting was equal to the certification of my graduation since my thesis was already checked by my professor .
I thought that submitting it was the same as the certification of my graduation since my thesis was already checked by my professor .
But in fact , I understood that in March I have to take oral examination about my thesis .
But in fact , I understood that in March I have to take an oral examination .
But in fact , I ( now ) understand that in March I have to take an oral examination .
I 'm a little disappointed with this fact .
I 'm a little disappointed with this .
I had planed how I spend my holiday . . .
I had planned how to spend my holiday . . .
The days I have to study will have continue . .
The days I have to study will continue . .

We Japanese respect Korean people !
We Japanese respect Korean people
because you go outside your own country and will survive .
JP is too nervous to survive !
JP are too nervous to survive !
l read magazines about Samsung !
Samsung attracts a lot of excellent people
and let them go abroad one year or so ! !
and let them go abroad for one year or so ! !
I sympathize with the way of thinking ,
I sympathize with that way of thinking ,
especially `` JP desperately been thinking ' Keep the past ' .
JP have to see the future .
I participated a training workshop of sports orthopedic .
I participated ina training workshop for sports orthopedics .
Each doctors spoke about `` knee problems `` .
Each doctor spoke about `` knee problems `` .
The content of the speech was interest to me .
The content of the speeches interested me .
Especially , I was interested the speech of `` movement of anlysis `` .
I was especially interested in the speech about `` movement of analysis `` .

maybe I will catch a cold : (
maybe I caught a cold : (
I 'm feeling not good right now .
I think that maybe I will catch a cold .
I think that maybe I caught a cold .
Usually I 'm the one who always complain about the air - conditioner in my office .
Usually I 'm the one who always complains about the air - conditioner in my office .
I always feel hot and I always shout hot and hot to my colleagues , but now I have to turn off the air - conditioner .
I always feel hot and I always shout `` It 's too hot `` at my colleagues , but now I have to turn off the air - conditioner .
I sit near the window so it 's the hottest place in the room but now although the sky is full of sunshine and all the heat is coming through the window do n't make me feel warmer .
I sit near the window so it 's the hottest place in the room but now although the sky is full of sunshine and all the heat is coming through the window I do n't feel any warmer .
I have to take some medicines first before the real cold catch me ( ^ _ _ ^ )
I have to take some medicine first before a real cold catches me ( ^ _ _ ^ )

This is my first time to write an article using English !
This is my first time writing an article using English !
I 'm a univercity student in Japan !
I 'm a university student in Japan !
I like baking sweets , going on trip , listening to music , and playing instrments .
I like baking sweets , going on trips , listening to music , and playing instruments .
Ican play guitar and piano .
I can play a guitar and a piano .
And I love Japanese cultuer , so I learn Japanese tea ceremony .
And I love Japanese culture so I am learning about the Japanese tea ceremony .
Now I 'm studying English and Chinese .
I want to work in foreign country in the future : )
I want to work in a foreign country in the future : )
Nice to meet you !

my present life
My present life is too busy .
I 'm a student of department of history . however , I must learn more than it . such as international relations , English , Japanese .
I 'm a student of the department of history . However , I must learn more than that . Such as international relations , English , and Japanese .
everyday , I 'm studying the four aspects from 7 : 00 to 22 : 00 .
Everyday , I study those four aspects from 7 : 00 to 22 : 00 .
And I always have no time to do others .
And I always have no time to do any others .
someone tell me I must speak English very well .
someone told me I must speak English very well .
But I just do a little on it ,
I need friend , and need content with persons , however , the people do n't like me , I think so .
I need friend and I need people to be content with me . However , people do n't like me . Atleast this is what I think .
who can help me or tell me what could I do ?
who can help me or tell me what can I do ?
thanks .

My Anxiety
I smelled smoke of a cigarette at the moment opened my son 's room .
He had stayed overnight with his bad friend without
permission .
He had smoked with his friends secretly .
He had secretly smoked with his friends .
His class teacher came to my house .
His teacher came to our house .
He told me what had happened until now .
He told me what had happened .
This is the first time that I have heard their circumstances .
This is the first time that I have heard of their misbehavior .
I was surprised at their news .
I thought that my son wanted to escape from being forced
I thought my son wanted to escape from being forced to study by me .
study by me .
I reflected on myself a lot and I said to him .
I reflected on myself a lot and said to him ,
`` You do not have to study so much , so that you should stay home anyway . ``
`` You do not have to study so much , so you should stay home . ``
But then , he and his bad friends began that they climbed up to his upstairs room , went out of his upstairs room and climbed down to the ground .
I have heard the sound of walking on the roof .
I have heard the sound of them walking on the roof .
One day the voice has been heard out of his room , so I tried to open the door of his room .
One day I heard a voice in his room so I opened the door to his room .
Then , I saw two boys who hid behind the bunk bed .
Then , I saw two boys hiding behind the bunk bed .
I persuaded them about a few things .
I asserted to them about a few things .
You should not stay overnight with each other , should stop
smoking and should study a little more .
I am sorry that you do not keep the promises with me about stopping smoking and studying harder .
I am sorry that you do not keep the promises you made with me about not smoking and studying harder .
How should I do ?
What should I do ?

This is my first try to this site .
This is my first time to use this site .
I am tubasa .
I study English .
So I would like to communicate whoever wants to .
So I would like to communicate with whoever wants to ( speak with me ) .
Please speak to me every time : )

My terrible thing
I tend to belive in ghost because I was born in small town .
I tend to believe in ghosts because I was born in small town .
The population of my twon was low .
The population of my town was low .
My neighbor 's house was old so it is easily broken if the typoon come in our regin .
My neighbor 's house was old so it was easily broken when a typhoon comes to our region .
Before I tried to sleep at nigtht I always went to restroom and I can see their house .
Before I tried to sleep at night , I always went to the restroom where I can see their house .
When I saw their house I got frigthtened because I have a sudden inspiration .
I ca n't do anything because I was kizs .
I could n't do anything because I was a kid .
I called my mom : Hey I found a cockroach so please kill them .
I called my mom : `` Hey , I found a cockroach so please kill them . ``
comon mom !
`` com ' on mom ! ``
`` hurry up ! ``
I often use something like that .
I often used something like that .
Maybe I was thinking that ghost was a cockroach .

My high school ( 4 )
My high school years ( 4 )
During my junior high school , I indulged in video games , billiards , and sword novels , none of which was admitted then .
They thrilled me nearly throughout the school year of Grade Two .
They entertained me nearly through all of grade 2 .
I managed to play hooky to enjoy them .
I also rented a lot of sword novels and read them secretly in class .
Of course , I was worried about that my behavior was found as I was enjoying them .
Of course , I was worried about my behavior when I was found enjoying them .
My grades began to fall sharply .
My behavior was found at last .
They finally found out .
I was suspended to make a self - examination .
I was suspended to make a self - examination . ?
At the same time , there was something wrong with my leg .
So my parents decided to let me leave school for several months .
I returned to school when the new term of Grade Three began .
At beginning , though , I found that I could not catch up with my lessons , for I had missed so many lessons .
At the beginning , though , I found that I could not catch up with my lessons , for I had missed so many lessons .
After long deliberation , I decided to restart my Grade Two .
In this way , it took me four years to finish the three - year junior high school .
Because of this , it took me four years to finish the three - year junior high school .

Changing hospital
For the operation , my mother had to be transferred to another hospital yesterday .
She liked a new hosoital because docter explained her well .
She likes the new hospital because the doctor explains to her well .

READ MANY BOOKS
Recently , I began to read some books in English .
It 's very easy level .
It 's at a very easy level .
For example , `` The Big Bag Mistake `` .
For purpose of improving English skill ,
I heard it 's good to read many books in suitable level .
I heard it 's good to read many books in a suitable level .
Therefore I began this .
First Milestone is one million words to read .
I 'll do my best .
Now , the number of words I read is 2666 words .
Now , the number of words I can read is 2666 words .

iPod nano the 5th generation
5th generation iPod nano
I bought an iPod nano the 5th generation last December .
I bought a 5th generation iPod nano last December .
I usually use Windows .
So it is not easy for me to use Mac style .
So it is not easy for me to use Apple products .
I can import music into iPod nano but ca n't understand the way about any pictures .
I can import music into my iPod nano but ca n't understand the way to import any pictures .
Finally , today , I found out how to import some pictures into iPod nano !
Finally , today , I found out how to import some pictures into it !
I am very happy for doing that .
I am very happy about being able to do that .
I want to make my iPod nano be my best partner as soon as I can !

`` Report Card ``
I had a very busy day today , because I had two classes , checked students ' notebooks , there was a bisiness trip .
I had a very busy day today . I had two classes , checked students ' notebooks and there was a business trip .
I was going to go to conversational English class , but English teacher caught a cold yesterday , so today 's lesson was canceled .
I was going to go to conversational English class , but the English teacher caught a cold yesterday , so today 's lesson was canceled .
I have to make a report card from now on , and I want to get with in it .

El Torito
I went to the Mexican restaurant `` El Torito `` tonight and ate Enchilada , Salsa chips , Ceaser sarada , and ice cream and drunk Margarita which was frozen with salt fringe around the glass .
I went to a Mexican restaurant , `` El Torito `` tonight and ate Enchilada , Salsa chips , Ceaser salad , and ice cream and drank a Margarita which was frozen with a salt fringe around the glass .
I went to the Mexican restaurant `` El Torito `` tonight and ate enchiladas , salsa chips , Caeser salad , and ice cream and a margarita , which was frozen with salt fringe around the glass .
I like Margarita very much , but its alcohol level is kind of high , so I 'm always getting sleepy after drinking .
I like Margaritas very much , but its alcohol level is kind of high , so I 'm always getting sleepy after drinking .
I like margaritas very much , but their alcohol level is kind of high , so I always get sleepy after drinking them .
There are many tv screens hanging on the wall and the tv channel is always sports channel `` ESPN . `` Today 's sports was baseball .
There are many tv screens hanging on the wall and the tv channel is always sports channel `` ESPN . `` Today 's sport was baseball .
There were many tv screens hanging on the wall and the tv channel was always the sports channel `` ESPN . `` Today 's sportwas baseball .
The college basketball season already finished . . . . . the professional basketball season is almost over . . . . . . . .
football season will start on August . . . . .
football season will start in August . . . . .
football season will start in August . . . . .
so now what we can watch is baseball games and hockey games .
so now all that we can watch is baseball games and hockey games .
so now all that we can watch is baseball games and hockey games .

Fireworks in autumn .
Today is the Guy Fawkes Night ( or bonfire night ) in Oxford .
Today is Guy Fawkes Night ( or bonfire night ) in Oxford .
Although it is officially the fifth of November , the event is set to Saturday night this year .
Although it is officially the fifth of November , the event is to be held Saturday night this year .
I can see many fireworks from my window now .
Last year my wife and I went to the bonfire held at the South Park .
Last year my wife and I went to the bonfire held at South Park .
Although it was a chilling night , the large park was full of crowds .
Although it was a cold night , the large park was full of people .
Although it was a cold [ or chilly ] night , the large park was full of crowds .
In front of them was a big wooden monster , probably representing Guy Fawkes himself .
We waited for a long time in the dark to see the monster burning vigorously .
Guy Fawkes tried to blast the Parliament in order to kill King James I of England and VI of Scotland , but failed and arrested on the fifth of November in 1605 .
Guy Fawkes tried to blow up Parliament in order to kill King James I of England and VI of Scotland , but failed and was arrested on the fifth of November in 1605 .
The failed assassination attempt is now called as the gunpowder plot .
The failed assassination attempt is now known as the gunpowder plot .
For some reason , the British have been celebrating this day with bonfire and fireworks for more than 400 years .
For some reason , the British have been celebrating this day with a bonfire and fireworks for more than 400 years .
I 'm not even sure that the British are either in favour of or against Guy Fawkes himself and his plot .
I 'm not even sure that the British are in favour of or are against Guy Fawkes himself and his plot .
In my opinion , most of them may be taking advantage of his failed attempt to enjoy fireworks with a good reason .
In my opinion , most of them may be taking advantage of his failed attempt as a reason / excuse to enjoy fireworks .
For me as a Japanese , fireworks on a cold autumn night are very unusual and even surreal experience , since fireworks are icons of the hottest summer season in Japan , reminding me the humid and hot air , girls wearing yukata ( by the way , girls with yukata look 30 % more attractive and prettier then usual ) , kakigori ( crushed ice with fruit - flavoured syrup ) , and so on .
For me as a Japanese , fireworks on a cold autumn night are very unusual and is quite a surreal experience , since fireworks are icons of the hottest summer season in Japan , reminding me the humidity and hot air , girls wearing yukata ( by the way , girls with yukata look 30 % more attractive and prettier than usual ) , kakigori ( crushed ice with fruit - flavoured syrup ) , and so on .
When a British `` guy `` visits Japan and sees fireworks festivals in summer , what sort of emotions would he register ?
When a British `` guy `` visits Japan and see fireworks festivals in summer , what would he think / how would he feel ?
I am curious .

Drowsiness
I stayed up all night last night , and so I am terribly sleepy today .
I stayed up all night last night , and so I am terribly sleepy today .
I know it to be unwholesome .
However , I do it .
However , I do it anyway .
Because drowsiness harms study , it is necessary to take care .
Because drowsiness harms study , it is necessary to take care .
There is most schools in Japan during summer vacation .
In most schools in Japan there is vacation during summer .
But I must go to school tomorrow .
But I must go to school tomorrow .
Our school becomes a rest at the end of this week .
Our school starts vacation at the end of this week .
I am looking forward to it very much .
I am looking forward to it very much .

Packers vs . Falcons
Packers v . s . Falcons
The one of the division play - offs is `` Packers vs .
One of the division play - offs is `` Packers v . s . Falcons `` .
Falcons ``
The Falcons has beaten the Packers in this season .
The Falcons have beaten the Packers this season .
This clip tells me that the next game is too close to call .
This clip tells me that the next game will be too close to call .

Watchman watches WATCHMEN
I have some interest in the movie `` WATCHMEN `` .
This movie 's origin is graphic novel `` WATCHMEN `` , writed by Alan Moore , illustrated by Dave Gibbons .
This movie 's origin is the graphic novel `` WATCHMEN `` , written by Alan Moore , illustrated by Dave Gibbons .
I have read this book once .
It 's difficult to explain about the detail of this .
There is a quite long story .
Although I acutually had fan .
I can say , `` WATCHMEN `` beat reader 's mind .
I can say , `` WATCHMEN `` challenges the reader 's mind .
What is the evil ?
What is evil ?
What is the justice ?
What is justice ?
What is the humanity ?
What is humanity ?
We can be forgiven to sacrifice someone for save the world ?
We can be allowed to sacrifice someone to save the world ?
The book 's story is really sophisticated .
And there are many attractive characters .
Plese try to read !

Watching the harvest moon
I had no time to write the Lang - 8 .
I 've had no time to write on Lang - 8 .
I write the Lang - 8 for the first time in a month .
I 'm writing on Lang - 8 for the first time in a month .
I went to Shiga prefecture last week , and stayed Biwako Hotel beside the lake .
I went to Shiga prefecture last week , and stayed at Biwako Hotel beside a lake .
At night , I watched the hardvest moon .
At night , I watched the harvest moon .
I complettely forgot about a lot of work .
I completely forgot about a lot of work .

Diary Wednesday
The curtain is open .
In front of the veranda , the standing shelf for reforming the building is shining under the sun .
A worker in blue uniform puts on the white gauze cover and the red helmet .
Then he begins climbing the stair .
Then he begins climbing the stairs .

My name is Hu - soku3 [ m / s ] .
I am a high school student .
Almost everyday , I am studying English .
I study English almost every day .
But , I do n't good at English .
But I 'm not good at English .
So , I want to read and write , speak English .
Therefore , I want to learn to read , write and speak English .
Please help me .
By the way , I have Twitter account .
By the way , I have a Twitter account .
If you do n't mind , Please follow me .
My account : misato _ aranyan

I went out to Yakitori restaurant with my collegue after work last night .
I went out to a Yakitori restaurant with my collegue after work last night .
It was so hot during the day , so I wanted to go to a restaurant in which air conditioner works .
It was so hot during the day , so I wanted to go to a restaurant in which air conditioning works .
When we standed in front of the door of that restaurant , we found the door opened .
When we stood in front of the door of that restaurant , we found the door was open .
I had feeling that what I did n't hope would happen .
I had a feeling that what I did n't hope for would now happen .
Due to hot atmosphere I could drink much beer .
Due to the hot atmosphere I could drink much more beer .
I felt comfortable when wind sometimes blew into the restaurant .
I felt more comfortable as wind sometimes blew into the restaurant .
As you might know , yakitori is popular Japanese food .
As you might know , the Yakitori is a popular Japanese food .
It is made from several bite - sized pieces of chicken meat , or chicken offal , skewered on a bamboo skewer and barbecued .
It is made from several bite - sized pieces of chicken meat , or chicken offal , skewered on a Bamboo skewer and barbecued .
It served with salt or with `` tare `` sauce , which is generally made up of mirin , sake , soy sauce and sugar .
It is served with salt or with `` Tare `` sauce , which is generally made up of mirin , sake , soy sauce and sugar .

Fortune telling
I like fortune telling .
Last day I went to famous fortune teller .
Yesterday I went to a famous fortune teller .
She is is in Harajuku Tokyo and called `` Mother of Harajuku `` .
She is in Harajuku Tokyo and is called `` Mother of Harajuku `` .
I always order about my job , my marriage and my health .
I always inquire about my job , my marriage and my health .
She said that I 'll meet destined woman in next spring ! !
She said that I 'll meet my destined woman next spring ! !
I 'm looking forward to meet her .
I 'm looking forward to meeting her .
Do you believe in fortune telling ?

Live & Hope
Do n't try so hard , the best things come when you least expect them to .

Hi everyone !
I just have a question
I just have a question :
how do you say TO and FROM in japanese ?
How do you say TO and FROM in Japanese
when you write a letter ?
or when you give a gift ?
Or when you give a gift ?
I know that HE means to , for example : Mario he
but from ?
That 's my question : / I hope you can answer soon : (
greetingS !

My first diary
I write a diary on Lang - 8 in English at the first time .
I write in my diary on Lang - 8 in English for the first time .
I am a student of Graduate School in Japan .
However I can not speak English at all .
So , I try to write diaries to learn how to use English .
So , I try to write in my diary to learn how to use English .
I write a diary every day as possible as I can .
I write in my diary every day as much as I can / as much as possible .
Thank you .

Do you like okonomiyaki ?
Today , I went to restaurant to eat okonomiyaki with my friends .
Today , I went to a restaurant to eat okonomiyaki with my friends .
I can have ate as possible as I wanted to eat .
I could eat as much as I wanted .
Gowever , I ate too much , so I have a stomach ?
However , I ate too much and have a sore stomach .
Do you know okonomiyaki ? ?

This is my first diary
I 'm happy to find Lang - 8 .
I think it is very useful for me .
First , let me introduce myself .
I 'm postdoc ( researcher ) and I 'm working at University of Michigan in USA .
I came here 3 years ago .
I 'm studying immune system now .
I 'm studying the immune system now .
I will explain about my research more detail someday .
I will explain about my research in more detail someday .
Anyway , I love US because people are friendly .
So , I want to get permanent position here .
I have just a few friends here .
So , I will be happy if you become my friend .

An examination admission card was sent to me .
It is for a sample test .
I have passed a qualification exam , `` Eiken , Pre - one grade `` a few months ago .
I passed the qualification exam , `` Eiken , Pre - one grade `` a few months ago .
It is an English exam .
The organizers of this exam might want data of successful
applicants , so I think they 're going to held this sample test .
applicants , so I think that is why they 're going to hold this sample test .
I do n't need to pay for this , even better I will get a gift card for giving
data to them .
In these months , I hav n't been a diligent student .
In these months , I have not been a diligent student .
I 've forgotten many words .
Just three weeks are left to memorize words ! !
Do I have to struggle with my wordbook again ?
Is there any shortcuts to memorize words ?
How do you memorize foreign words and spellings ?

Busy ! ! busy !
I 'm always busy these days !
Busy ! ! Busy !
I 'm busy now .
These days I 'm always busy because school has started .
Nowadays , I 'm very busy .
After school start , I do n't have much time to do something I want to do .
Since school started , I do n't have much time to do anything I want to do .
All thing I have is study , study and study .
Unfortunately , the only thing that I have time for is studying , studying , and more studying .
The only thing I do is study , study , and study .
We are crazy now .
We are all going crazy now .
We shouted and laughed .
Our teachers are funny , and I join a modern drama club .
This year my teachers are funny . Also , I have joined a modern drama club .
This year my teachers are funny , and I even joined a modern drama club .
It 's funny and excited .
Drama club is funny and exciting .
In my new life , it 's full of happy and fun .
My new life , is full of happiness and fun times .
Throuth , it is a lot of pressure .
But my life is also full of pressure .
I hope I can get into a good college after three years .
So , I need to study hard now .
So , I need to study hard now .

I like to study economics
Today I 'll talk about economics .
So I think you 'll be bored a little . . lol
I bought some stocks in last Oct .
I bought some stocks last Oct .
Since then , I 've been interested in economics so much .
Since then , I 've been really interested in economics .
The economics in Japan is easy to be affecteed by that of foreign country ( especially US ) .
The economics in Japan is easily affecteed by that of foreign countries ( especially US ) .
Japan 's economy is easily affected by that of foreign countries ( especially US ) .
Of course not only Japan , many countries ' economics is affected by other countries ' it .
Of course not only Japan , many countries ' economics are affected by other countries ' economics .
Of course not only Japan , many countries ' economies are affected by other countries ' .
I feel it 's very interesting !
Now , in my country , many people were fired their jobs , and what is worse , it 's difficult for any people to find new job .
Now , in my country , many people were fired , and what is worse , it 's difficult for anyone to find new job .
Now , in my country , many people were fired from their jobs , and what 's worse is , it 's difficult for anyone to find a new job .
How 's your country ?
There 're many bad news in this way now . . .
There 's alot of bad news like this now . . .
However , do n't you think it 's interesting that the relationship of economics between a country and another country ?
However , do n't you think the relationship of economics between one country and another is interesting ?
However , do n't you think that the economic relationship between one country and another is interesting ?
I think it 's still too early for me to talk about economics in english .
I think it 's still too early for me to talk about economics in English .
I ca n't express what I am thinking . haha

I 'm planning to go to Egypt and Kenya on my honeymoon at the end of this month .
Since I 'd like to know about these places as much as possible , I am reading guide books and checking the internet every dsay .
Since I 'd like to know about these places as much as possible , I am reading guide books and checking the internet every day .
I want to fly there now .

I Have Aware
I Have Become Aware
Recently , I 've aware of it 's not easy to earn money .
Recently , I 've become aware that it 's not easy to earn money .
When I did n't work , I thought 100yen was very cheap .
But now I think 100yen is very expensive .
Because to get 100yen . we have to work a month .
We never earn money at the time of doing .
We never earn money at the time of working .
Maybe there are some works that can get lots of money a day .
Maybe there are some jobs that can get lots of money a day .
But I do n't think they are absolutely good works .
But I do n't think they are absolutely good jobs .
That 's all for today .
Have a noce day ! !
Have a nice day ! !

hello all !
it is a nice weather today !
It is a nice weather today !
I liked such as day .
I like such a day .
I had a only class in management today . it was boring ,
I had only a class on management today . It was boring ,
I am not caring about it !
but I just try to make homework
but I know it time for me to start pushing myself a litte haeder !
it meant that final - exam is coming soon .
It means that the final - exams are coming soon .
maybe I gon na be crazy . . . . .
Maybe I gon na turn crazy . . . . .
but I am not in mood to study . . . . I am lazy . . . . . .
But I am not in the mood to study . . . . I am so lazy . . . . . .
by the way I am about to leave for my home
By the way I am about to leave for home
today my colleage will hold event ! I think it will be fun !
Today my college will hold an event ! I think it will be fun !
this event hold in once a year .
This event is held once a year .
I could meet a lot friends ! I am very excied !
I could meet a lot of friends ! I am very excited !
the story still continune to . . . . . . . .
This story shall continue later . . . . . . . .
please correct my error if you could
take care !

Hamberger
I coocked two hamberger dishes yesterday .
I cooked two hamburger dishes yesterday .
I was going to play tennis the afternoon .
I was going to play tennis in the afternoon .
I already prepared to eat soon after tennis .
I was very hangry and Its tast was better .

08 / 04 / 11 - Twin Talk ? ( with a video )
Please check this out first .
Then , why do n't you move to the next .
The babies have grown up very quickly ?
No way ! !
The babies and these guys are similar in terms of place and costume .
But what makes these two videos totally different .
But what makes these two videos totally different ?
Is it because babies have a particular power or these adults are too wonderful ? ( can you think of a better word to show sarcasm ? ) haha

I WILL BE
When it shines , I will hold your hands and together we will walk along the streets
When the sun shines , I will hold your hand and together we will walk along the streets .
When it rains , I will be your umbrella
When it 's cold , I will be your blanket to keep you warm
and when everything is a mess , I will be your shoulder to lean on .
I will never leave you because I LOVE YOU >

Drunk 's Keys and Street Lamp
Today I 'd like to talk a story about a drunk who lost his keys .
Today I 'd like to tell a story about a drunk who lost his keys .
It 's famous joke , so maybe you have heard .
It 's a famous joke , so you may have heard it
I think it is a simple story but can teach us important lesson about our life .
I think it is a simple story but it teaches us important lesson about our life .
Here 's how it goes .
One night , a man goes out drinking at a local bar .
One night , a man goes out to drink at a local bar .
He 's in a good mood , drinks a lot and gets quite drunk .
After saying goodbye to his friends , he begins walking home , singing happily to himself .
After saying goodbye to his friends , he begins walking home , singing happily
As he nears his apartment , he takes his keys out of his pocket but drops them on the ground in the dark .
As he is getting close to his apartment , he takes his keys out of his pocket but drops them on the ground in the dark .
On realizing his keys are missing , he wanders over to a nearby street lamp and begins looking for them there .
Once he realizes his keys are missing , he wanders around a street lamp and begins looking for them
Ten minutes later , a policeman comes by , sees the man and asks what he 's doing . `` I 'm looking for my keys , `` says the drunk . `` Where did you drop them ? `` asks the policeman . `` Over there on the dark side of the street , `` says the drunk .
The policeman looks puzzled . `` If you dropped your keys over there in the dark , then why are you looking for them here under this street lamp ? `` `` Because , `` says the drunk , `` there 's more light here . ``
I think this story is the same for my learning language .
I had a trouble with my English .
I had a trouble with my English .
I ca n't take conmmunications in English with people well .
Though I learned English for a long time .
Though I have been learning English for a long time .
I knew my problem was that I cound 't catch the means what people said , and my pronunciation was too bad .
I knew my problem was that I cound 't catch the meaning what people had said , and my pronunciation was too bad .
I thought I was like the drunk in this story .
I looked for the key in the wrong place .
I wanted to be able to master English conversation , but I spent my much time studying grammar , even I tried to read newspaper and novels .
I wanted to be able to master English conversation , but I spent most of the time studying grammar and even I tried to read newspaper and novels .
All study is helpful , but it is n't effective .
All study are helpful , but some of them are not effective .
It is important for me to know what I want and focus on that .
It is important for me to know what I want and focus on it .
So I should practice speaking English and master the rule of pronunciation .
I am certain that it will help me to speak English .
Thinking what you want and just focus on those , then you can do better than ever !

Voice and Rhythm
Japanese comedians sometimes parody foreigner 's Japanese speakings .
Japanese comedians sometimes parody the foreigner 's way of speaking Japanese .
The features are omitting particles , wrong accents and intonations and it seems that they can be categorised by nationalities .
The way they do this is by omitting particles , incorrect accent and intonation and it seems that they can be categorised by nationalities .
But this is not just emphases .
I suppose this may be true from my experiences and acutually English children learn nursery rhyme in a language acquisition .
I suppose this may be true from my experiences and acutally English children learn nursery rhymes by language acquisition .
Otherwise , if Japanese learners mimiced their rhythm even if it was strange Japanese , they might obtain a skill to speak naturally .
Otherwise , if Japanese learners mimicked their rhythm , even if it was strange Japanese , they might obtain the skill to speak naturally .
A hint of this idea is from a TV program which introduces Japanese studies .
Junzo Kawada is a researcher in cultural anthropology and he went to Africa to research a tribe that do not have letters .
Junzo Kawada is a researcher in cultural anthropology and he went to Africa to research a tribe whose language does not have letters .
But Kawada said that they have a equivalent of letters and it is drum sounds .
He clamed that they have imagination in their minds and they convey them to the drum .
He claimed that they use their imagination to convey to their drums .
When I listened to this story , I thought this is like typing a keyboard .
When I listened to this story , I thought this is like typing to a keyboard .
And there are acutually some rhythm patterns when I hit the keyboard .
Because there are rhythm patterns when you hit the keyboard .
I moved to a new apartment today .
Its located in ping Chang road .
It takes about a minuet to the station .
It takes about a minute to go the station . ( by foot ? )
I 'm going to commute my office which is in Liu Jia Zui by subway .
I 'm going to commute , by subway , to my office which is in Liu Jia Zui .
I have to transfer to the line two at the Jing An Si .
I have to transfer to `` line two `` at Jing An Si station .
It 's a big station and there are a lot of shops and restaurants around the station .
It 's a big station and there are a lot of shops and restaurants around there .
I 'm at a cafe near my apartment now and writing this diary .

I am drinking coffee everyday .
I drink coffee everyday .
My like coffee is coffee mocha .
My favorite coffee is Coffee Mocha .
This is Chocolate flavored coffee .
This is a chocolate flavored coffee .
But I can not drink black coffee .
Because I feel it very very bitter .
Because it tastes very bitter .
Am I childish ?
What do you like coffee ?
What type of coffee do you like ?

Laptop makes people lazy .
Laptops make people lazy .
Lately , because of blackout my desktop had broken .
so I decided to use laptop .
indeed , I hate to use laptop because it makes me lazy .
I hate to use the laptop because it makes me lazy .
I use laptop on my bed and I surf on internet and finally I watch dramas . . .
I use the laptop on my bed , I surf the internet , and finally I watch dramas . . .
it makes me NO STUDY , NO EXERCISE !
it makes me NOT STUDY , and NOT EXERCISE !
just like now

This is my first time that I write a diary in English here , lang - 8 .
First , Let me introduce myself .
I live in Japan .
And . . . .
What should I tell you ?
um . . . . .
I like watching movies , listning music , and sing a songs .
I have a lot of things to say ( write ) but , I ca n't do it well .
Well . . .
I hope to somebody correct my English !
Thank you for reading my first dairy . : )

I 'm very tired .
I worked till late night .
I worked until late tonight .
I 'm very tired , and very sleepy .
I 'm very tired and ( very ) sleepy .

English sites
What are the most popular english websites ?
What are the most popular English websites ?
Which of them majority of Englishmans / Americans is visiting every day ?
Which of them are the majority of Englishmen / Americans visiting every day ?
I 'd grateful if someone could post some of them here .
The best would be these with interesting contens , news , science , computer science etc .
The best would be those with interesting contents , news , or sites about science , computer science etc .
Thanks !

Nice to meet you !
I am Japanese .
I have been studying English for two years .
I want to improve ability of writting in English .
I want to improve my ability to write in English .
So I registered as member of Lang - 8 today .
Thank you .

uncounted
Today was my wife 's uncounted birthday .
I finished my work little earlier than usual and bought a birthday cake for her on the way back home .
I finished my work a little earlier than usual and bought a birthday cake for her on the way back home .
My family had a small birthday party tonight .
She and they did n't aware of her birthday today .
My kids were so delighted because they could eat cake .
Our oldest son had a headache in a daytime .
Our oldest son had a headache during the daytime .
He took a nap in his room after he came back from junior high .
After his five hours nap , he woke up and felt better .
So he could eat cake and join the party .
We had a very good time .

Today , I read the Magazine about environment .
Today , I read a magazine about environment .
The Magazine is NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC .
The magazine is NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC .
I was impression by the article writed in jet man .
I was impressed by an article written about jet man .
He flied sky by jet engine which made man a bird .
He flew by jet engine , which made the man a bird .
so he called Bird man .
so he was called Bird man .
I think that human dream fling sky , and I envy him .
I think that the human dream is to fly in the sky , and I envy him .
I wish I would fiy sky too someday .

I ate KAKIAGE - UDON at lunch .
I ate KAKIAGE - UDON for lunch .
KAKIAGE is a Japanese deep - fried food , which includes some vegitables such as carrot , onion etc .
KAKIAGE is a Japanese deep - fried food , which includes some vegetables such as carrot , onion etc .
KAKIAGE is a Japanese deep - fried food , which includes some vegetables such as carrots , onions etc .
UDON is a kind of noodles .
UDON is a kind of noodles ,
wheat noodels .
wheat noodles .
Japanese like UDON very much .

It 's a sunny day
It 's a sunny day
It 's a sunny day today .
It 's a sunny day today .
The sun is shining very much .
The sun is shining brightly .
It makes me happy .
It makes me happy .
Yesterday I was not happy .
Yesterday I was not happy .
Because it heavily rained yesterday .
I went to my graduate school by bus .
I went to my graduate school by bus .
In the way to come back my home , it rained more heavily .
On the way back home it was raining even more .
I got on a bus .
I got on the bus .
After I sit a seat in bus , I checked my wallet .
After I sat down , I checked my wallet .
Oh , my god .
Oh my god !
I had a bill of five thousand yen , but I had no change .
I had a bill of five thousand yen , but I did n't have anychange .
The fare of this bus is 220 yen .
The fare of the bus was 220 yen .
In most Japanease bus , we ca n't currency exchange .
On most Japanease buses , you ca n't get change .
I told the driver to give me a coupon tichets , I paied the bill of five thousand yen .
He said he had no changes .
He said he did n't have any change .
I asked him what should I do .
I asked him what should I do .
He said you coud get out by no fare , next time you get in our bus , you should tell the driver this story , and pay this fare .
He said I could go without paying the fare , but next time I get on the bus I you should tell the driver this story , and pay the fare then .
I thanked him , and got out of the bus .
I thanked him , and got off the bus .
In the way to my home from bus stop , I was soaking wet .
On the way home from the bus stop I got soaking wet .

Nice to meet you .
Hi every one , nice to meet you .
Hi everyone , nice to meet you .
I 'm a graduate student in Japan living in Kiryu city , Gunma prefecture , Japan .
Do you know Gunma prefecture or Kiryu city , and where they are ?
I guess only a few people know that where is Kiryu city including Japanese peopleXD .
Because Gunma is not a famous like Tokyo , and Kiryu is a countryside in such a prefecture .
Because Gunma is not a famous like Tokyo , and Kiryu is in that prefecture 's countryside .
When I enrolled at the university and moved to Kiryu city , I was shocked because Kiryu city is surrounded by mountains and there were a few shops where I thought I wanted to go for play or shopping .
But I love this city now .
I 'm going to move to Tokyo this April for my job .
I feel little sad .

A glass of wine . . . . . . . . .
I visited Iringa Town .
I had to charge electricity and internet .
I had to pay for electricity and Internet .
In Tanzania , almost everything is an advance payment system while everything is a later pament in Korea .
In Tanzania , almost everything is an advance payment system while everything is a later payment in Korea .
I use an advance payment electricity which is called LUKU in here .
Here , I use a prepaid electricity system called LUKU .
I have to buy vaucha first if I want to use electricity .
I have to buy voucher first if I want to use electricity .
( I 'm not sure whether voucha is an English word or not . )
( I 'm not sure whether voucha is an English word or not . ) ( voucher is correct )
Almost everything . . .
in case of mobile phone and internet and so on . . . . .
in case of mobile phone and Internet and so on . . . . .
I could n't use an internet during last weekend beause my internet valid period was over on last Friday .
I could n't use internet during last weekend beause my internet valid period was over on last Friday .
I could n't use the Internet last weekend beause my Internet valid period was over last Friday .
I could n't help going to town today .
Thus , I had to go to town today .
I bought some fruit and a bottle of wine on my way town .
I bought some fruit and a bottle of wine on my way to town .
I also bought a wine glass to driking wine .
I also bought a wine glass to drink / for drinking wine .
I drank a glass of wine and I feel so good .
I drank a glass of wine and I felt so good .
I drank a glass of wine and now I feel so good .
I may like an alcohol : - (
I may look like an alcoholic : - (
Maybe I 'm an alcoholic : - (

Swiss roll
Hello friends !
I went to PATISSIER eS KOYAMA with my friend the other day .
PATISSIER eS KOYAMA
The parking lot was full when we arrived , and we had to wait for half an hour .
PATISSIER eS KOYAMA 's Swiss rolls were very good !
If you know another Swiss roll , please tell me it !
Best wishes ,
Yoooosuke

We bought a house ! ! !
I bought a house .
It is used .
My wife and me and our baby live there now .
We have good time there , beucase our house is bigger than our house that we live 1 month ago .
We have a good time there , because our house is bigger than our old house that we lived in a month ago .

Sumo wrestling
Have you ever seen sumo wrestling ?
It is not national sport ,
It is not national a sport ,
but we can watch every program at NHK natinal TV broadcast .
but we can watch every match on NHK national TV broadcast .
In Japan , It is held 6 times per year ,
In Japan , sumo matches are held 6 times per year .
odd number month 's festival is in tokyo ,
The festivals on odd number months are held in tokyo ,
and even one 's are other area , Osaka Naoya and Kyusyu .
and even one 's are in other areas such as Osaka Naoya and Kyusyu .
Since last Sunday , festival began in Osaka .
last Sunday , the festival in Osaka began .
It is called `` Haru - basyo `` , it means spring season .
It is called `` Haru - basyo `` which means spring season .
Now , we see some foreign sumo wrestlers , especially from mongolia .
Recently , we can see foreign sumo wrestlers , especially from mongolia .
In this season , sumo wrestler `` Baruto `` from Estonia keeps winning .
If he wins championshi on this season , he will be selected `` Ozeki `` .
If he wins the championship this season , he will be selected as `` Ozeki `` .
It is the second greatest position .

Canceled going skiing
I had planned to go skiing with my family this weekend .
I had planned to go skiing with my family this weekend ,
But I canceled when we heard this disaster .
but I canceled when we heard about this disaster .
I was n't in a mood to go there and infrastructure was not unstable .
It would have been the first time for my children to go ski .
It would have been the first time for my children to go skiing .
We 'll go there next season .

Practicing 2
Recently I had insomnia .
Recently I 've had insomnia .
I felt very tired .
I 've felt very tired .
What shall I do ?
What should I do ?
What is the best way to prevent insomnia ?
Perhaps , I have to go to see the doctor and do some physical therapy , because my
neck is stiff and back sore too .
neck is stiff and back is sore too .

`` can `` and `` Kin ``
I can cook
I kin cook
What the difference between `` can `` and `` kin `` ?
What is the difference between `` can `` and `` kin `` ?
Thank you .

Today 's work
Today 's Work
I have to make a document by this Friday .
I have to make a document by Friday .
I finished making a document today .
I finished making the document today .
I visited one client to have a meeting with my staff .
Me and my staff visited one client and had a meeting with them .
In this meeting , there was a hard negotiation for us .
In that meeting , there was a hard negotiation between us and the client .
We discussed about how to operate this deal .
We discussed about how to operate this deal .
Finaly we agreed with next discussing points and fixed a next meeting date .
Finally , we set the date of our next meeting and agreed on our next points to discuss .

Pollen is blown everywhere .
Pollen is blowing everywhere .
I ca n't stop sneezing today .
runny nose , sneezing , itchy eyes . . . . .
I love spring .
It become warm and confortable to go outside .
It becomes warm and confortable to go outside .
But . . . . .
Pollen makes me hey sick .
Pollen gives me hayfever .

About a sentence
When I was looking up the word ' agitate ' in dictionary , I found an example which coonfused me .
When I was looking up the word ' agitate ' in dictionary , I found an example which confused me .
The sentence is ' All you need to do is gently agitate the water with a finger or paintbrush . . . ' .
I think the sentence should be ' All you need to do is gently to agitate the water . . . . ' , is it ?
Sorry , I ca n't mark the changed part clearly .
What a poor editor !

A big mosquito have bitten me !
A big mosquito has bitten me !
A big mosquito has bitten me !
There is mosquito in my room .
There 's a mosquito in my room .
There is a mosquito in my room .
There is a mosquito in my room .
It looks like very big .
It looks very big .
It seems very big .
It looks very big .
He already eat my blood during I had take a nap a couple of while .
He already bit me a couple times when I was taking a nap .
He had already eaten my blood while ( OR as ) I was taking a nap for a while .
He has already drank my blood when I took a nap for awhile .
I do n't want live with him all night long . . .
I do n't want him to live all night long . . .
I do n't want to live with him all night long . . .
My friend who Japanese listen carefully thier sound then He can know that they are male or female .
My friend who is Japanese can listen carefully thier sound and then he can tell if they are male or female .
My friend who is Japanese listens carefully to the sound mosquitoes make and then he can recognize whether they are male or female .
My friend who is Japanese can listen carefully to their sounds and can then know whether they are male or female .
I think that if they are male , they do n't want to get my blood .
I think that if they are male , they do n't want ( to bite me / my blood ) .
I think that if they are males , they do n't bite .
I think that if they are male , they do n't want my blood .
I ca n't do that like my friend .
I ca n't do the same as my friend .
I ca n't do what my friend .
But I guess a mosquito which in my room is female .
But I think the mosquito in my room is female .
But I guess the mosquito which is in my room is female .
But I guess the mosquito , which is in my room , is female .
Because they had bitten my body two points .
Because it bit me in two places .
Because it has bitten my body in two places .
I am itching now . . . .
I am itchy now . . . .

I 'm going to go on a diet . . .
On our project meeting , we talk about what each person try next week .
On our project meeting , we talk about what each person trying next week .
Anytihg is OK , job or private thing . . .
One co - worker said `` I 'm going to go on a diet ! `` .
Other co - worker said `` Times two . ( Me , too ) ``
And I said `` Times three . ``

Christmas tree
Today , I watched the TV news that a famous christmas tree in NYC is now decorated .
It was beautiful !
I am not a christian but I love christmas because everybody seems happy during the holiday .
I think people in Japan also like christmas a lot even though they are not christians like me .
I do n't think it is a good thing but many young Japanese people try to spend a christmas day with their boyfriend or girlfriend .
So sometimes they get too busy to find the one before the christmas season .
Anyway , we have a kind of strange custom for christmas .
Anyway , we have kind of a strange custom for christmas .
Eating KFC chiken is one of the example for our unique custom for christmas .
Eating KFC chicken is one of the example for our unique custom for christmas .

Apr19 , 2009
Hello everyone .
I went to my aunt 's house to eat lunch .
My cousin said my diaries always write so short , but I do n't know what can I write in the diary ?
My cousin said my diaries always are so short , but I do n't know what I can write in the diary .
I think it 's hot this weekend .
I guess it 's almost 30 degrees in our country .
Mosquitoes are like this weather .
Mosquitoes like this weather .
They fly in the house when someone opens the door .
They fly into the house when someone opens the door .
I hate them because they always bight me and get me feel each .

in a train
I am in a train on the way to my university .
I am on a train on the way to my university .
All of my classes are cancelled today so I dont have to go , but I have nothing to do in my room .
If I can not find any friends of mine , I will study in the library .
Whenever I 'm in a train , I 'm observing people in there , especially those who are on the opposite sheat I 'm sitting down .
Whenever I 'm on a train , I observe people in there , especially those who are on the opposite seat from where I 'm sitting .
About 10 people can sit down on the sheat , but I can see 5 people at first sight .
About 10 people can sit down on the seat , but I can see 5 people at first sight .
Now , three girls are playing their mobile and two old guys are sleeping .
Now , three girls are playing with their mobiles and two old guys are sleeping .
It is Full House !
Ah , the train arrived at the station , so I have to change the train .
Ah , the train arrived at the station , so I have to change trains .

Lecture on Cost Management
As written on this diary of November 4th , one of our managers lectured on cost management .
As I wrote on this diary on November 4th , one of our managers gave a lecture on cost management .
It was more difficult than I expected .
But I 'll make an effort to understand it because cost management is important for the business .

The measurement of falling birthrate
The measure to deal with the falling birthrate
Japan faces the problem of decreasing in the number of children .
DPJ 's main policy for falling birthrate is giving 26000yen per one child per month to parents .
DPJ 's main policy to combat the falling birthrate is by giving 26000yen per child per month to parents .
I think it 's not enough and not a good policy .
I think that it 's not enough and not a good policy .
I read an economist opinion on paper that said `` Big company should set up a day - care center for children . `` Same paper said the Itochu , a famous trading company , set up the day - care center .
I read an economist opinion in the paper that said `` Big companies should set up day - care centers for children . `` The same paper said that Itochu , a famous trading company , set up a day - care center .
According to this article , the Mitsui Bussan and the Sumitomo Shoji , which are also famous trading companies , already have their day - care center .
According to the article , Mitsui Bussan and Sumitomo Shoji , which are also famous trading companies , already have their day - care centers .
I think the company has its day - care center is very good idea , and very good measurement for falling birthrate .
I think & nbsp ; that companies having their own day - care center is very good idea , and a very good measure to address the falling birthrate .
Most of fathers or mothers should go day - care center on their way to office and they take more time for commuting .
Most of the fathers or mothers would go to day - care centers on their way to the office and they take more time for commuting .
But if their company has day - care center they can go to their office with their children without time consuming .
But if their company has a day - care center they can go to their office with their children without time consuming detours .
If day - care center is near their office , they can easily go there to watch their children life .
If a day - care center is near their office , they can easily go there to watch their child 's life .
So I wish many companies set up their own day - care center near their office and many people can work easily with their children .
So I wish many more companies would set up their own day - care centers near their office and many people can easily have both a career and children .

14 , July Iwaki , Japan
It 's start my diary .
I will start my diary .
I 'm going to write about things that happened today .
Recently , everyday is very hot ! !
Recently , It has been very hot ! !
so , I ca n't sleep well .
I got up at 5am .
then I tried sleep agaain .
then I tried to sleep again .
that was too tired to doin the morning .
It was too tiring to do in the morning .
I 'm working at adomission center of univercity in Japan .
I 'm working at admission center of a university in Japan .
I do n't like office work , but my colleags is very funny .
I do n't like office work , but my colleagues are very funny .
so I can keep working my job .
so I can keep on working there .
my boss gave us ice cream sometimes .
Our boss gives us ice cream sometimes .
but I decided to go abrod or take part in working holiday next year .
but I have decided to go abroad or take part in working holiday next year .
so I have to save my money .
that it , today .
that ` s it for today .
I have to more studying English .
I have to study English more .
bye - bye xxx

A beautiful life ( 1 )
If you go and look at the moon , it seems that it moves with you .
If you go and look at the moon , it appears to move with you .
And , if you 'll look on it carefully , you could notice that it has human 's face , nose , the raised eyebrows , lovely smile . . .
And , if you 'll look at it carefully , you might notice that it has a human 's face : a nose , raised eyebrows , a lovely smile . . .
But this moon can see only that man , who has clear covest .
One dark night , then Ira Dmitrieva was coming home , but this moon 's smile was n't lovely for her .
One dark night , Ira Dmitrieva was coming home , but the moon 's smile was n't lovely for her .
Quite the contrary - the moon `` told `` her very humiliating : `` You 'll se , how you will be met at home .
On the contrary , the moon seemed to tell her : `` You 'll see how you will be met at home .
It 's so late to come there . ``
`` It 's very late . ``
Ira looked on the ground and thought : `` If only my parents were slipping ! ``
Ira looked at the ground and thought : `` If only my parents were sleeping ! ``
She wanted to blame someone , but she knew that she could n't .
She wanted to blame someone , but she knew that she could n't .
`` And what I should say to my parents to be not criticized ? ``
Ira looked fast on the windows , of her flat , on the fifth floor .
Ira looked quickly at the windows of her flat on the fifth floor .
Despite Ira 's hopes there was a light in the windows .
Much to Ira 's dismay , there was a light on inside .
`` So , what I should say ?
`` What should I tell them ?
Maybe the truth ?
To tell the truth is light . . `` - thought Ira .
Ira remembered how sounds the voice of her mum , then she was angry .
Ira remembered how her mom 's voice sounded when she was angry .
Ira was too scared .
Ira was very scared .
She was carefully turning the key in the keyhole , while she was thinking about her answers to the parents asks .
This is one of the chapters of famous Russian book .
I decided to translate it into English .
Wish me luck )
I wait for yours corrections . ) )

About Broken English .
I went to watch a movie called `` Broken English `` alone yesterday .
I watched a movie called , `` Broken English `` alone yesterday .
Yesterday , I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would do .
I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would do .
I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would do .
I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would / should do .
Eventually , I watched it , but it was really boring .
Eventually , I watched it but it was really boring .
I almost fell asleep .
It was about a lady who fall in love with a French man .
It was about a lady who falls in love with a French man .
It was about a lady who fell in love with a French man .
I thought he could n't speak English fluently and it was the reason of the title , but he could .
I thought he could n't speak English fluently which was the reason of the title , but he could .
I thought he could n't speak English fluently and it was the reason for the title , but he could .
He did mistake only one word , it was Angry and Hungry .
He only made one mistake , and it was mixing up angry and hungry .
He said he was hungry , but she caught he was angry .
He said he was hungry , but she realized that he was angry .
He said he was hungry , but she thought he said that he was angry .
It was really funny because his English was really fluently .
It was really funny because his English was really fluent .
Anyway , I was a little disappointed in this movie .

Recently , I was in a bad mood , maybe the weather made me dispirited , maybe the friendship beyond all hope ~ ~
I have finished two line drawing ( handmade sketches on paper ) , I intended to color it in class tomorrow , so teacher could correct me simutaneously .
I have finished two line drawing ( handmade sketches on paper ) , I am going to color it in class tomorrow , so teacher could correct me simultaneously .
Then I buy the Marker pen laked , my diehardfollower have eaten Wonton , breading for me .
In a word , I have some gratification for I done these things and my diehardfollower by my side .
It 's my fortune .

An e - mail from mom
Four days ago ,
my mom sent an e - mail to me .
She said in the mail
she thought she probably had a cancer and she had a lump in her right stomach .
My brother , my husband and I worried about her very very much .
Three days ago ,
she went to see a doctor in big hospital .
she went to see a doctor in a big hospital .
And yesterday , came back her result .
And yesterday , she came back with the result .
And yesterday , came back her results .
The result of a blood test and CT scan were all normal .
The result of the blood test and CT scan were all normal .
The results of a blood test and CT scan were all normal .
Actually , she was terrible constipation . . . .
Actually , she had terrible constipation . . . .
What a to - do .
At any time , I 'm glad my mother is fine .

Left - handed person
Yesterday a person that I often meet on the train I catch when I come back home , told me that he is left - handed .
I 've always thought that it 's not a big problem .
As the right - handed people they could do the same things with their left hand .
He told me that he has some problems when he drives because his faster left hand ca n't move as our faster right hand because everything in the world is made for right - handed people .
At first , I thought he was kidding me , because I do n't know him well so I do n't understand when he 's joking or he 's serious .
Because of my doubts I researched something about this topic on internet and I discovered that for some people it 's not easy .
Because of my doubts I researched something about this topic on the internet and I discovered that for some people it 's not easy .
His words aroused my curiosity !
Maybe I could try to be a left - handed person for one day . . .
but I think this test will last five minutes !
but I think this test would last five minutes !

Champions League 3 : quarter final
The champions league 's 2nd legs of the quarter finals were held yesterday and today .
The champions league 's 2nd leg of the quarter finals were held yesterday and today .
Today 's games have just ended a few hours ago .
All four teams that I wanted to win went to the semifinals .
I 'm very excited about that .
The champions league is so exciting that I often get goose pumps .
In quarter finals , Raul who belongs to Schalke got the goals in the 1st leg and the 2nd leg , which gave me goose pumps .
In the quarter finals , Raul , who belongs to Schalke , got the goals in the 1st leg and the 2nd leg , which gave me goose pumps .
The goals were so great .
I really expect wonderful games in the semifinals .

Nice to meet you
Nice to meet you
I start lang - 8 today .
I start ( started ) lang - 8 today .
My English is not good .
I want to be a good English speaker .
I study English little by little .
That is it for today .
Realizing
I 've been thinking why I want to study English .
I 've been thinking about why I want to study English .
Then tonight I got a part of answer .
And tonight I got a part of the answer .
I will arrange it in English then write down here as soon as possible .
I have a feeling that it is different from everybody .
I have a feeling that it is different from everybody else 's ( reason ) .
But everybody has a something reason why they want to study second launguage .
But everybody has a reason why they want to study second launguage .
Everybody has different reasons , I think .
I feel happy now for getting my answer .
I want to study hard for explaining my answer .
I want to study hard so I can explain my answer .

Back To The Future Part I
Back To The Future Part I
When I was a child I first watched this movie .
I was a child when I first watched this movie .
I was a child when I first watched this movie .
It was amazing , the story line in paticular .
It was amazing , the story line in particular .
In the last scene of this movie , Doc dropped an important cable on the roof of the school many times .
In the last scene of this movie , Doc dropped an important cable from the roof of the school many times .
It made me irritated in front of the TV .
I alsomost destroyed the TV in anger .
I almost destroyed the TV in anger .
I almost destroyed the TV in anger .
I can imagine , after this movie released , many Amrican kids played with skateboards on the road .
I can imagine , after this movie released , many American kids played with skateboards on the road .
I can imagine , after this movie released , many American kids played with skateboards on the road .

Best ways to learn Korean
I used to write about the best ways to learn English .
I think the best ways to learn Korean is same as English .
I think the best ways to learn Korean are the same as English .
Here are best ways ,
Listening
In order to learn Korean language , you must listen a lot .
The best way for listening is watching Korean dramas or movies .
The best way to practice listening is watching Korean dramas or movies .
You must watch them without subtitles .
You may watch them with subtitles for the first time to understand the story .
However , you must watch them again without subtitles .
It is very hard to concentrate on listening with subtitles .
You must read Korean books .
If you do n't have one , let me know .
I will give to you .
I will give you one .
Read aloud even though you do n't understand meanings .
Read out loud even though you do n't understand the meanings .
Every day , read aloud Korean books , you will master it .
Every day , read Korean books out loud , you will eventually master it .
Try to speak Korean to your friends .
You need practice .
If you do n't have a friend to talk , you can talk to me through skype .
If you do n't have a friend to talk to , you can talk to me through skype .
Maybe , you can speak Korean to your family , even though they do n't understand it .
Maybe , you can speak in Korean to your family , even though they do n't understand it .
It is a good practice .
It is good practice .
I think it is the hardest one .
I think this is the hardest one .
The best way is write somethings in this website and ask native Koreans to correct them .
The best way is to write some things on this website and ask native Koreans to correct them .
I am not a person who is gifted in languages .
I , actually , hated to study English when I was in high school .
I , actually , hated studying English when I was in high school .
But , I do my best to improve my English every day .
You should do same thing to improve your Korean .
Do your BEST .

Annirersary Celebration Of My College
My College 's Anniversary Celebrations
April 18th , it 's a special day .
April 18th is a special day .
It 's an Annirersary Celebration of my college .
It just be tomorrow and will be bustling with noise and excitement I think .
It 's just one day away , and the college will be bustling with noise and excitement , I think .
I will be busy to receive our alumnus in that day , because many alumnus will come to my school with excitement .
I will be busy receiving former students [ 1 ] on that day , because many of them are looking forwad to revisiting their old college . [ 2 ]
Some of them have been great success in society , so they want to see their Alma Mater 's development in recent years .
Some of them have achieved great success in society , so they want to see how their former university [ 1 ] has developed in recent years .
My school has come through 50 years ' splendid history .
My college has had a splendid 50 - year history .
And I anttend it in 2007 , it has developed great .
Since I entered it in 2007 , it has developed greatly .
It 's full name is Jiangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine .
Its full name is Jiangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine .
Do you ever gratuate from university ?
Have you ever graduated from university ?
Just tell me something of your school .
Tell me something about your college . [ 2 ]

Drank with my Co - works
Drank with my Co - workers .
Yesterday , I went to drink with my co - works in a IZAKAYA .
Yesterday , I went to drink with my co - workers in an IZAKAYA .
I drank three glasses of beer .
I came home at midnight .

Lots of work
I went to my office today .
It 's the first day after my vacation .
Without saying that , there were lots of work to do .
I spent few hours reading e - mails .
I spent a few hours reading e - mails .
I could n't finish all of my work today , but I can take another vacation from this weekend .
I could n't finish all of my work today , but I can take another vacation for this weekend .
It makes me happy and eager to do my work .
I 'm looking forward to get the vacation .
I 'm looking forward to getting the vacation .

What the heck is `` Business English ? ``
I need the certain amount of salary to support my family , however my salary is not good .
I need a certain amount of salary to support my family , however my current salary is not good .
So yestarday , I saw some job huntting websites .
So yesterday , I looked at some job hunting websites .
Do n't tell me `` Why did not you wait for your marriage until you get a high standard job ? `` At that time I was very desperate to settle down in Singapore .
Do n't ask me `` Why did n't you wait to get married until you had a high paying job ? `` At that time I was very desperate to settle down in Singapore .
Anyway it 's time to change my job , or someday I will get dumped by my wife .
I read some job offers for Japanese on the internet , but most of them require me to speak `` business English . `` But what is the business English ?
When I worked in Japan , sometimes I met Chinese and British workers .
Of course they spoke conversational Japanese , but none of them could speak Japanese perfectly .
Needless to say , speaking foreign language like a native speaker is almost impossible for everybody except for native bilinguals .
Needless to say , speaking a foreign language like a native speaker is almost impossible for everyone except native bilinguals .
But for me , `` business English `` sounds like . . . `` almost perfect English . `` As far as I can see , there are not such super Japanese workers .
But for me , `` business English `` sounds like . . . `` almost perfect English . `` As far as I can see , Such super Japanese workers do n't exist .
Are there many Japanese people who can speak English like native speakers somewhere in Singapore where I do n't know yet ?
Are there many Japanese people who can speak English like native speakers somewhere in Singapore somewhere that I do n't know yet ?
I was also told that no Japanese can use English articles and the plural rule properly .
So it means no Japanese can speak `` business English `` right ?
What the hell business English is it ?
What the heck is business English ?

I am a rookie - -
Last night my friend tole me Lang - 8 , and I think it is very good for studay english . .
Last night my friend told me about Lang - 8 , and I think it is very good for studying English . .
I wish to make firends with you guys . . .
I wish to make friends with you guys . . .
My first Lang - 8
Today is a beautiful sunny day and Saturday !
Today is a beautiful and sunny Saturday !
I usually spend weekends to go shopping or do excacise or just relax .
I usually spend my weekends going shopping or doing exercises or just relaxing .
I usually spend weekends going shopping or exercising or just relaxing .
So , I like weekends very much !
What am I going to do today ?
First , I decided to write my first diary for Lang - 8 .
I always think that to keep a diary in English is a good way to plactice my English skills .
I always think that keeping an English diary is a good way to practice my English skills .
But , unfortunatly , I quit in a way to do it .
But , unfortunately , I somehow did n't do it .
But , unfortunately , I always quit doing it .
It is because there was no one to check my writing , I suppose !
Therefore , I chose to join in this Lang - 8 !
Therefore , I chose to join Lang - 8 !
It has passed for 1 year since I came the U . S .
It has been 1 year since I came to the U . S .
But my English was not improve , one thing that I felt is I am not afraid of English any more even thought I could not what people said .
But even though my English h [ / BLUE ] as not improved , one thing that I have felt is that I am not afraid of using English any more , even though I could not understand what people said .
In other words , I do not care about the surrouding people .
In other words , I do not care about the people around me .
I do n't know it is good or bad .
I do n't know if it is good or bad .
I do n't know if that is good or bad .
I have still been eager that I wish I could use English like as native .
I am still eagerly wishing that I could use English like a native .
Second , I am going to go shopping .
Second , I am going shopping .
I hope I have a good weekend , and also all of you have that too !
I hope I will have a good weekend , and so will all of you !

Good afternoon !
It is hot today .
I recently borrowed a novel in English .
The title is `` THE Moonstone `` .
At first , when I did n't understand meanings of new words , I loodked up the words in the dictionary .
At first , when I did n't understand the meanings of new words , I looked them up in the dictionary .
But , at that way , I did n't read quickly .
But , by doing that , I did n't read quickly .
( If the book belong to me , I read by that way .
( If the book belonged to me , I read it that way .
) So I read it without consulting the meanings .
I understand a content until now and will finish reading by Jun . 21 .
I understand the content up to now and will finish reading by Jun . 21 .
Now I will eat lunch .
Thank you for watching .
Thank you for reading .

Hello everyone
Hello my name is `` pobiron `` , I 'm a university student in Japan .
Hello my name is `` Pobiron `` , I 'm a university student in Japan .
I study Environmental Economics .
My hobbies are basketball and Japanese Manga .
I study English for studying abroad someday .
In the feature I would like to use English in my work .
In the future I would like to use English in my work .
My friend told me this web site .
My friend told me about this web site .
I want to speak and write English well !
If there are any mistakes , please correct !
And if you know good place for my study abroad , please tell me : D
And if you know a good place for my study abroad , please tell me : D

Studying / working abroad
This is my first diary on lang - 8 .
Today , one of my best friends left for Germany as an exchange student .
He went to Germany to study German language and its cultures .
I will go to the graduate school next year .
I will go to graduate school next year .
In Japan , most graduate students start looking for a job in their first year ( except for those who go to doctor course ) .
In Japan , most graduate students start looking for a job in their first year ( except for those who go for a doctorate ) .
I 'd like to experience working in overseas countries before looking for a job .
I 'd like to experience working overseas before looking for a more permanent job .
So , I 'm thinking about taking a year off and joining internship program in European countries .
So I 'll think about taking a year off to join an internship program in Europe .
I 'll have to think about what kind of company would be best for me .

Bee is good .
I wrote that I often licks my lip before .
I wrote that I often licked my lips before .
When I had said it , my friend gave me a lip cream .
It was Burt 's Bees of an American souvenir .
It 's called ' Burt 's Bees ' . It was bought as a souvenir from America .
I feel my lip is enriched .
My lips now feel enriched : )

Today I got back to my home where my parent lives !
I 've not been for a half of year .
I 've not been there for half a year .
My Elementary school has become a new park and car parking . . .
I got slightly sad to see it , across a new silver wire mesh .
But I really enjoyed my home .

She is an amazing woman !
It is generally accepthed that our country it is called Japan has been influenced by many great persons across the country .
It is generally accepted that our country called Japan has been influenced by many great people across the country .
I think one woman singer is the latest great person who produces powerful effect on Japan .
I think one female singer is the latest great person who produces a powerful effect on Japan .
She is LADY GAGA .
I would like to write about her impact in this esssay .
I would like to write about her impact in this essay .
FIrstly , she gave strong impression in Japanesemusic world .
it is clear her songs are unique .
For example , she often sings her name in her songs .
For example , she often sings her own name in her songs .
Not only songs but also fashion style is so unique .
Not only are her songs unique , but her fashion sense is as well .
FOr example , she change her hair colour into strange colours ; white , yellow and green .
For example , she dyes her hair into strange colours ; white , yellow and green .
Her costumes also sexy and unusual .
Her costumes are also sexy and unusual .
Recently , she wore balck onion costume when she appeared on `` Room of the Tetsuko `` which is japanese famous TV program because Tetsuko 's hair style looks like onion .
Recently , she wore a black onion costume when she appeared on `` Room of the Tetsuko `` which is Japanese famous TV program , because Tetsuko 's hair style looks like an onion .
Firthermore , LADY GAGA gave tetsuko candy that she took out it from her spiral hair .
Furthermore , LADY GAGA gave Tetsuko candy that she took out of her spiral hair .
Many japanese people were so surprised .
Many Japanese people were so surprised .

Baseball game
I went to baseball game .
I went to a baseball game .
Hanshin Tigers vs Hiroshima Carp .
I am Hanshin Tigers side .
I am a Hanshin Tigers fan .
And I saw someone were using Japanese flags on the bleachers .
I saw someone waving Japanese flags on the bleachers .
Nothing problem , but it does n't fit with baseball game .
Not a problem , but it does n't fit with a baseball game .
Normally they use Hanshin Tigers flag .
Normally they use Hanshin Tiger 's flags .
I looked at them again carefully .
Then I could see they were foreigner .
Then I could see they were a foreigner .
And then I can understand .
Then I understood .
They looks very enjoy .
It is the most important !
That is what 's most important !
( Hanshin Tigers was a winner tonight ! !
Whoo hoow ! ! )

New Year 's party
I joined my workplace 's New Year 's party today .
Everyone published each their hopes in this year .
In Japan , that call new year 's `` HOUFU `` .
In Japanese , New year 's resolution is called `` HOUFU `` .
Most of `` HOUFU `` is about their works .
Most of their `` HOUFU `` is about their work .
At Japanese workplace 's party , almost people talk about work .
At Japanese workplace 's parties , almost everyone talks about work .
I tired that topics .
I 'm tired of that topic .
I knew to increase the topic of work , then I do n't go to afterparty .

hmm . English is easy , but peoples are regard as stiff .
hmm . English is easy , but people regard it as difficult .
why are peoples think english very difficult ?
Why do people think English is very difficult ?
Why do people think English is very difficult ?
actually , english is very simple , smart .
Actually , English is very simple .
Actually , English is very simple , .
who do make english difficult ?
Who makes English difficult ?
Who makes English difficult ?
english teacher !
English teachers !
English teachers !
they are saying that english is hard to you .
They are saying that English is hard for you .
so you needs help such as friend , teacher , and so on .
So you need help , such as a friend , teacher , and so on .
this is a lie .
This is a lie .
This is a lie .

When I 'm depressed
When I 'm depressed , I feel everything will be bad way .
When I 'm depressed , I feel everything will turn in a bad way .
I ca n't connect with my boyfriend , because he is at the party and hook up the girl .
I ca n't connect with my boyfriend , because he is at the party hooking up with some girls .
One of my friends hav n't replied my e - mail because she got in trouble or she does n't wanna talk with me .
One of my friends have n't replied to my e - mail because she got in trouble or she does n't wanna talk with me .
I dreamed somebody of my family die and wake up as I 'm crying .
I dreamed somebody in my family will die and wake up crying .
I do n't wanna do anything even I got 3 dayoff .
Actually nothing happend bad things .
Actually nothings . bad has happened .
I guess .
How can I wake up from here ?
How can I wake up from this nightmare here ?

Today I gave a presentation .
Today , I gave a presentation .
4
Reagarding long introduction , I could speak well and confidently .
I spoke well and confidently .
Regarding the long introduction , I spoke well and confidently ( or with confidence ) .
Regarding the long introduction , I could speak well and confidently .
When giving a long introduction , I can speak well and with confidence .
In addition , I did n't get nervous at all .
I did n't get nervous at all .
4
However , I failed to illustrate next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
Anyway I finished it thanks to friends and our teacher .
I finished the presentation thanks to friends and our teacher .
Anyway , I finished it thanks to friends and our teacher . ( or my teacher )
4
I felt I needed to make lots of effort to improve my English hereafter .
I felt I needed to make lots of effort to improve my English .
I feel I need to make a lot of effort to improve my English hereafter .
I felt that I needed to make lots of effort to improve my English thereafter . ( or afterwards ) .
I feel I needto make more of an effort to improve my English hereafter .
Someday I want to give a good presentation like other students .
Someday I want to give a good presentation like the other students .
Someday , I want to give a good presentation like other students .
After the lesson , I went to library to return a DVD .
After the lesson , I went to the library to return a DVD .
After the lesson , I went to the library to return a DVD .
After the lesson , I went to the library to return a DVD .
Then , I went to aggency to upgrade my drive licence , but it turned out It seems to me that I wo n't upgrade it .
Then , I went to the agency to upgrade my driver 's license , but it turned out I was not able to upgrade it .
Then , I went to the agency to upgrade my drivers licence , but it turned out that I wo n't ( be able to ) upgrade it .
Then , I went to upgrade my driver 's license but it turns out I ca n't upgrade it .
I need to submit a certification , but it seems like I ca n't get it , As long as I send Japanese embassy for it , I ca n't get it .
I need to submit a certification , but until I contact the Japanese embassy for it , I ca n't get a new license .
4
After that I went to a bank to hear someinformation to open bank account .
After that I went to a bank to get some information about how to open a bank account .
After that I went to a bank to get some information on opening a bank account .
After that , I went to a bank to get information about opening a bank account .
After that I went to a bank to open a checkings / savings account .
On the way to home , I dropped by an appliance store in Southgate and I bought a portable radio .
On the way home , I dropped by an appliance store in Southgate and bought a portable radio .
4
John , kind clerk , recommend a good one .
John , a kind clerk , recommended a good one .
John , a kind clerk , recommended a good one .
John , the kind clerk , recommend a good one .
A kind clerk named John recommended a good one .
Belive it or not , it works with solar power and it also has the dynamo crank .
He showed me one that works with solar power and also has a dynamo crank .
Believe it or not , it works with solar power and it also has a dynamo crank .
Believe it or not , it works with solar power , and it also has a dynamo crank .
Of course I got it .
Of course I got that one .
After that I went to a bicycle shop and they only handle special type bicycle .
After that I went to a bicycle shop and they only handle special types of bicycles .
After that I went to a bicycle shop , but they only handle a special type of bicycle .
After that , I went to a bicycle shop but they only handle a special type of bicycle .
It turned out I went in vain .
So I went there for nothing .
Anyway finishing the presentation was a big load off my mind .
Finishing the presentation was a big load off my mind .
Anyway , finishing the presentation was a big load off my mind .
Anyway , finishing my presentation took a big load off my mind .
Oops , I forgot that I would take a final examination tomorrow .
Now I can get ready for my final examination tomorrow .
Oops , I forgot that I take a final examination tomorrow .
Oops , I forgot that I will take a final examination tomorrow .

A question
I was watching the big bang theory and characters were using the phrase `` bite me `` and I am wondering what that means ?
I was watching the big bang theory and characters were using the phrase `` bite me `` and I was wondering what that means ?
I was watching the big bang theory and characters were using the phrase `` bite me `` and I am wondering what that means ?
by the way this sheldon guy is very funny and whole show is fantastic .
By the way , this sheldon guy is very funny and the whole show is fantastic .

Hello everyone .
Cherry blossoms bloomed in my town .
The road in front of my house has cherry trees street .
The road in front of my house has cherry trees along the street .
The road in front of my house has cherry trees along the street .
Only one tree blossom .
Only one tree blossom is visible .
Only one tree ( has ) blossomed .
I hope onther cherry blossom early , we are happy .
I hope another cherry blossom will show early . We would be happy .
I hope the other cherry trees would blossom early ; we would be happy .
I look forward to .
I look forward to it .
I look forward to it .
Thank you .

what is good choice for me ?
What would be a good choice for me ?
I have a dream to work abroad .
so I have to good at speaking english ,
so I have to become better at speaking english ,
but I 'm not good at english
so I had decided to go canada and already got a working holiday visa .
so I decided to go canada and already got a working holiday visa .
after 5 month I 'll go there .
after 5 months I 'll go there .
now I feel too worried .
I did n't decide anything .
I have n't decided anything .
the place I 'll go , how to use well my working holiday visa . . .
the place I 'll go , how to use my working holiday visa well . . .
at first got a working visa I had decided to learn english in languge school .
I got a working holiday visa so that I could learn English at a language school .
after then , I thought I 'll get a certification about marketing or business in the school , and get a internship with the certification .
After that , I thought I 'd get a Marketing or Business certification , and use it to get an internship .
but the prices to learn , pick up me etc . .
are too expensive to enroll .
are too high .
I do n't have enough money and if I learn in there I have to spend almost period for learnig .
( I need money for a living in canada . )
I need money to live .
also today I heard of the programs .
tell too far there are nothing to get good internship .
So far , there 's nothing that can get me a good internship .
however if I 'll go canada without a place related to one .
what can I do with scandy english ?
What can I do with bad English ?
I must be able to work kind of dishes wash , gosh !
I would have to work as a dishwasher or something like that , gosh !
I never want wrong choice .
I do n't want to make the wrong choice .
I think it is my last chance in my life to come true my dream .
I think it is my last chance in my life for my dream to come true .
what is best choice ? . . . . . .
who can help me ? . . .

Holidays Ended
I had really good time during the year - end and New Year Day .
I had really good time on New Year 's Eve and New Year 's Day .
These holidays make me relax .
However , I have to start my activities from tomorrow .
However , I have to start my activities tomorrow .
I have a lot of job interviews in this month .
I have a lot of job interviews this month .
Therefore , I 'll go to Tokyo tonight by overnight bus , and I 'll stay there for about ten days .
It must be tough , but I 'll enjoy it .
It 'll be tough , but I 'll enjoy it .
I hope I 'll be able to get a good job .

How to be used to do routine works .
How to be used to doing routine work .
I may be lazy , because I have never planned the schedule .
I may be lazy , because I have never planned my schedule .
I may be lazy , because , I have never planned a schedule .
I thought making schedule was boring .
I 've always thought that making a schedule was boring .
But situation changes me , recently I must thinking about future .
But the situation has changed , recently I 'm thinking about my future .

I went soccer game today .
I went to a soccer game today .
We did in a school .
We played at a school .
First games opponent team is TSK blue .
Result is three to two .
The result was three to two .
We lost .
But I got one goal .
Next games opponent is Senri higiri .
The next game 's opponent was Senri Higiri .
Result is six to zero .
The result was six to zero .
Im not got goal is pity .
It was very exciting .

a nice long week
This week was filled with a lot of things .
First , last Wednesday I did an exam at the university .
First , last Wednesday I took an exam at the university .
But the context was the one of a movie .
All that day was raining .
All day it was raining .
I went to the workplace ( office ) with the company of a soft water falling from a silver cloud .
At lunch , a thin rain induced me to buy a delicious dish ( empanadas ) .
At lunch , a light rain induced me to buy a delicious dish ( empanadas ) .
When I was going to the university , it was raining really hard , and I got a headache .
I solve the exam really fast , and then I went home , to slept .
I finished the exam really fast and then I went home to sleep .
The last Thursday I had to inscribe me to the courses of this semester .
I choose some subjects , that will allow me to keep working while studding .
I chose some subjects that will allow me to keep working while studying .
my career , engineering , really takes time to be completed , and it is really easy to lost years if you do not pass one subject in time .
My career , engineering , really takes time to be completed , and it is really easy to lose years if you do not pass one subject in time .
Some times , because of being at work , you could not assit and looses exams , just a little problem , with a big impact on your life .
I started this week to study , I feel condifent I will have a nice semester .
I started to study this week , I feel confident I will have a nice semester .
A good news is that a coworker lend me a book about kanji . . .
A bit of good news is that a coworker lent me a book about kanji . . .
all written in japanese .
all written in Japanese .
It will take time to digest it , but it will be so sweet to read it that I am really happy about that .
Nowadays my current topic at Japanese is to end learning katakana , that is why I have to wait until I could learn more vocabulary , verbs in particular .
Nowadays my current topic in Japanese is to end learning katakana . That is why I have to wait until I learn more vocabulary , verbs in particular .

in Tokyo is raining again . . .
It is raining in Tokyo again . . .
I do n't like Tokyo 's rain
today I have an interview for my new job
today I have a job interview
it 's a cleaning job in somebody 's house , building , some public place . . .
I hope I can get this job hahaha
then I 'm gon na eat breakfast after shower
then I 'm gon na eat breakfast after taking a shower
hihihihiiiiiii
What important lesson have you learned from a family member ?
What important lesson have you learned from a family member ? alternatively from you family
My parents taught me a lot things .
My parents taught me a lot of things .
But the most impressive thing is about mentality .
My parents always told me to be challenger at any time and not to be afraid of any failures .
And they said you have to have a risk if you want to become big .
And they said you have to take risks if you want to become succesful .
Also they said it is important to study hard in order to contend with difficulties .
Also they said it is important to focus hard / well in order to contend / overcome with difficulties .
When I have to choose something , I always remember this teachings and think which is really for me in the future in order not to select easy one .
When I have to choose something , I always remember these lessons and decide which will really help me / make me stronger in the future in order not just choose the easy one .

Internet cafe ( comic cafe ) in Japan
I sometimes use an Internet cafe .
If you pay an entrance charge in the case of Japan , a pravite space is offered to you and you can read all comics , all magizines in the shop ( of cource you can use internet ! ) .
Many kinds of drinks are all free , so that they are self - service .
Many kinds of drinks are all free , and are self - service .
My favarite comic is `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` published serially in `` A boy Jump `` ( the most famous japanes comic magizine ) .
My favorite comic is `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` published serially in `` A boy Jump `` ( the most famous Japanese comic magazine ) .
Characters has many kinds of ability `` stand `` .
For example , Jhotaro uses `` STAR PLATINUM `` stopping a time about several seconds .
They fight with `` stand `` and they are very attractive .
I do n't finish reading all chapter of `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` , I always read it when I go to an Internet cafe .
I never finish reading all the chapters of `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` . I always read it when I go to an internet cafe .

I drank with my colleagues .
It was so fun that I forgot the time when I have to return home .
It was so fun that I forgot the time when I had to return home .
I have to do the laundry and have a bath .
I have to do the laundry and take a bath .
It 's very messy . . .
I want to sleep now .

Three Days to See
I 've been memorizing some excerpts from Three Days to See by Helen Keller .
And here is my recording : URL Please give me some advice on my pronunciation .
Thank you !
The content of the recording is as follows :
All of us have read thrilling stories in which the hero had only a limited and specified time to live .
Sometimes it was as long as a year , sometimes as short as 24 hours .
But always we were interested in discovering just how the doomed hero chose to spend his last days or his last hours .
I speak , of course , of free men who have a choice , not condemned criminals whose sphere of activities is strictly delimited .
I speak , of course , of free men who have a choice , not condemned criminals whose sphere of activities is strictly limited .

When you 're feeling sad , what do you do to feel better ?
When I feel sad , I do my hobbies .
For example , listen to music , watch the movie , go to shopping . . .
For example , listening to music , watching movies , going shopping . . .
Because , when I do my favorite things , I can be more relax .
Because , when I do my favorite things , I can be more relaxed .
So , I can forget sad things .
Also , I consult my family or friend .
Also , I consult my family or friends .
This will , I will feel better .
This way , I will feel better .

We will go to child hospital this morning
We will go to the children ' shospital this morning .
We will go to child hospital this morning for our baby ( Riku ) .
Riku is drinking milk now .
He continue drinking for 1 hour .
He like milk from my wife very much .
Riku also pee and poo a lot .
Riku also pees and poos a lot !
My wife is drinking Dandelion coffee very much .
My wife is drinkinglots ofDandelion coffee
Because she can makr lots of milk if she drinkingn Dandelion coffe .

My brother 's room has been repaired .
It is usually humid and very hot here in summer .
The humid weahter caused some mold in our house .
The humid weather caused some mold in our house .
Other rooms were okay , but my brother 's room was not very good .
The walls in his room were covered with mold .
Mother repapered some part of the walls today .
It looks better now and he is really satisfied with tidy room .
It looks better now and he is really satisfied with it .

question . . .
I wondered that whether the word `` product `` is used for only industrial things or not .
If it comes to be food , what word I can use ?
If it comes to be food , what word can I use ?
English is difficult , but fun to study !

Introducing my computers
In this year ,
This year ,
This year ,
New macbook has been released , iPhone and iPad as well !
the new MacBook has been released , and the iPhone and iPad as well !
The new Macbook has been released as well as the iPhone and iPad .
I have all of it fortunately ^ _ ^
I have all of it , fortunately . ^ _ ^
I have been debut as mac user since 2010 .
I debuted as Mac user in 2010 .
Mac is much more fan than window for me .
Macs are much more fun than Windows for me .
What about you ? ? ?
Which type of computer is best for you ? ?
The Spring has come
Spring has come
My name is Natalie and I 'm from Kiev .
My name is Natalie and I 'm from Kiev .
Today was the warmest day from the whole month .
A lot of people has smiles on their fayses .
A lot of people have smiles on their faces .
Ladys just began to wear light coats and high heel boots .
Ladies have just begun to wear light coats and high heel boots .
There were something beautiful and alluring on pale and a little bit grey faces of the strangers .
There was something beautiful and alluring in the pale and ( slightly ) grey faces of the strangers .
The time when you promise to yourself to start a new life .
The time when you promise yourself to start a new life .
Spring is the time when you trying to make yourself believe in something good and fabulos , begin to leave again after the cold exhausting winter .

I ` m very tired
I ` m very tired .
Today I went to Shinjyuku .
Soory , today ` s journal is so simple .
Sorry , today ` s journal is so / very simple .
I will go to bet at once .
I will go to bed at once .

Teacher training course
I take a teacher training course in university .
In one of the classes , I had to deliver a trial lesson to improve my teaching skill .
I did it last Friday .
It was awful !
I was very nervous .
The teacher said , `` Your lesson is a typical bad example of unfocused explanation . `` He did n't mean to hurt me .
I knew that but still I was shocked !
He just complimented me on my voice .
He just / only complimented me on my voice .
He said , `` I like your voice .
It is soft . `` I am going to go to junior high school to practice teaching next year .
I want to tell myself , `` Good luck ! ``

Another New Day
Today there was nothing special but I still want to write something to let you know what I am doing .
Besides , I can have the chance to practice my English writing .
I used to write Chinese diaries but later I changed to write English writing and now I give up both of them because I want to you to help me with my English writing and also give myself the chance to practice my English typing speed .
I used to write Chinese diaries but later I changed to writing in English and now I give up both of them because I want to you to help me with my English writing and also give myself the chance to practice my English typing speed .
I am not good at it so I tried a lot .
I am not good at it so I become tried quickly .
You understand , do n't you ?
This morning I did n't have classes so as usual I stayed at the self - study room and did some studying .
This morning I did n't have classes so as usual I stayed in the self - study room and did some studying .
At noon , I did n't take a nap so that I can have much time to read a novel , which is written in English by a Chinese writer .
It is very interesting and I almost finish it so I am eager to make it as soon as possible .
It is very interesting and I have almost finished it so I am eager to do it as soon as possible .
In the afternoon , I went to the playground and did some jogging .
I usually run ten laps ; each lap is four hundred meters long .
I usually run ten laps ; each lap is four hundred meters long .
I think it is a good method to exercise and it is good for both our physical health and our mental health as well as our psycological health .
Above all , why do n't we try it ?
Tonight I have a lesson so I 've got to go now .
If there is anything fun or special , I will definitely let youo know because you are my sinsere listeners .
If there is anything fun or special , I will definitely let you know because you are my sincere listeners .
I hope everything goes well with you all .

Curriculum vitae
I currently have filled in the application form and curriculum vitae because it is needed for job hunting .
I have recentlyfilled in the application form and curriculum vitae because they arenecessaryfor job hunting .
It is very annoying .
First of all , In Japan , this kind of document usually must be handwritten .
The writing using PC is not allowed .
Use of aPC is not allowed .
( Some companies allow it . )
Secondly , It is not erasable even if I make a mistake in writing .
Secondly , It itcannot be erased , even if I make a mistake in writing .
This is because a pen is used and whiteout is not accepted .
So if I make amistake , I must write again from the scratch on a new paper .
So if I make a mistake , I must write again from scratch on a new piece ofpaper .
I think it is nonsense .

English Test
I got the result of TOEIC today .
I got the result of my TOEIC test today .
I got the results of / for my TOEIC test / exam today .
It scored 820 .
I scored 820 .
It 's the best score for me .
It 's the best score I 've ever received .
But I do n't think that the score reflect my current English skill .
But I do n't think that the score reflects my current English skill .
Anyway this Lang8 friends help me blush up my English !
Anyway my Lang - 8 friends helped me brush up my English !
Anyway , my Lang - 8 friends helped me brush up on my English !
Thanks all !

I went shopping today !
I went shopping and I bought book .
I went shopping and bought a book .
I also eat icecream .
I also ate ice cream .
It was very delicious !
Cut apples and walnut got into it .
There were sliced apples and walnuts in it .
I want to eat it again .

20100907 Just Ask Please
Lots of article have written , If a man want to ask you out , you should say NO at least twice , then say YES .
Lots of articles written , If a man wants to ask you out , you should say NO at least twice , then say YES .
But . . . nowadays , It is not working at all .
Please , If you wanna ask someone out , just ask .
Or they will never know what you are thinking .
Especial for me , if you do n't say anything
Especially for me , if you do n't say anything
I will never know , ha ha ~
So , Please , just ask anything as well .
So , please , just ask anyway .

I went to tennis club yesterday .
It was the third time .
The coach 's advice were to watch a ball cerefuliy and hit the ball on center of racket .
The coach 's advice were to watch a ball carefully and hit the ball on center of racket .
The coach 's advice was to watch a ball carefully and hit the ball with the center of racket .
And he gave me two tennis balls .
He adviced again that it was good for practice swings a few minutes every day .
He adviced again that it was good to practice swings a few minutes every day .
He advised again that it was good to do practice swings a few minutes every day .
He also adviced me that it was good for practice tossing the ball on the racket .
He also advised me that it was good to practice tossing the ball on the racket .
He belonged to a table tenice clab and he went there two times a week .
He belonged to a table tennis club and he went there two times a week .
He belonged to a table tennis club and he went there two times a week .
He said that tennis and table tennis are same .
He said that tennis and table tennis are the same .
He said that tennis and table tennis are the same .
He recommended me to start the table tennis .
He recommended me to start with table tennis .
He recommended that I start playing table tennis .
I will go there next Wednesday evening .

My Tutor Program started .
Today , I learned that it is very very very difficult to pronounce `` plate `` .
Does it seem easy ?
You know , it is very difficult for Japanese to pronounce `` R `` and `` L `` sounds correctly .
You know , it is very difficult for Japanese to pronounce `` R `` and `` L `` correctly .
I know how to pronounce R and L sounds .
I know how to pronounce R and L
So , `` rate `` and `` late `` are OK .
But , when it comes to `` plate `` , I pronounced it `` prate `` .
But , when it comes to `` plate `` , I pronounce it `` prate `` .
When I pronounce `` plate `` very slowly , like p . . . . late , it seems to be OK .
But , when I pronounce it very quickly , I pronounced it `` prate `` .
But , when I pronounce it very quickly , I pronounce it `` prate `` .
plate plate plate plate plate plate , , , , what do you think about it ?

`` Presentation ``
I have to give a presentation on my graduate school experience for the new freshman today .
Today I have to give a presentation to incoming freshmen on my graduate school experience .
I do n't have nervous but I want to finish it early because I will have lots of work .
I am not nervous but I want to finish early because I have lots of work afterwards .
I want to do my best in any case .
Regardless I want to do my best .

Is Japanese liar ? ( in English )
Are the Japanese liars ? ( in English )
This is the topic I thought very interesting when watched on TV .
It was the content that some actions , these are usually diplomatic remarks for Japanese , seem like big lies for foreigners !
For example , saying `` See you soon `` despite not seeing aftertime , saying `` You speak Japanese very well ! `` when hearing only a few words . . .
For example , saying `` See you soon `` despite not seeing afterwards , saying `` You speak Japanese very well ! `` when hearing only a few words . . .
For example , saying `` See you soon `` despite not seeing each other for a long while , or saying `` You speak Japanese very well ! `` after hearing only a few words .
For we Japanese these are the unintentional actions or are the actions we want to communicate with other peason smoothly though it seems to be lies if we change our view .
For we Japanese these are the unintentional expression or just the normal speaking that we want to communicate with other person naturally though it seems to be a lie at the other point of view .
For we Japanese , these are unintentionally upsetting actions caused by our desire to smoothly communicate with other people , though they may seem to be lies if we are taken literally .
I laughed the example that there is no melon in MELONPAN in Japan ( ~ _ ~ ; )
I laughed at the MELONPAN which has no Melon ( ~ _ ~ ; )
I laughed at the example that there is no melon in MELONPAN in Japan ( ~ _ ~ ; )
( In Japan there 's the bread called MELONPAN ( melon - bread ) but there is no melon in it )
( In Japan there 's a bread called MELONPAN ( melon - bread ) but there is no melon in it )
Everyone , do you have the moment that you feel Japanese is liar ?
Everyone , do you think Japanese is liar according to the above cases ?
Everyone , do you have moments when you feel the Japanese are liars ?
Why do I like sweets very much ?
Why do I like sweets so much ?
I ate a tiramisu and a cheese cake today ! !
I ate tiramisu and a piece of cheese cake today ! !
I like sweets better than diets .
I like sweets better than dieting .
I want to eat sweets now too ^ ^
This is a wonder !

Teacher - parent Conference
Yesterday night I attended teacher - parent conference , in the conference most of parents were talking about their
Yesterday night I attended a teacher - parent conference . At the conference most of the parents were talking about their
children 's academic performance , they think that if their children have low grade , they will lose face .
children 's academic performance . They think that if their children have low grades , they will lose face .
They only care for test score , not learning process .
They only care about test scores , not the learning process .
In my opinion , test score is just an inspection to children 's former learning .
In my opinion , test scores are just an indication of children 's previous learning .
Parents should more care for their learning process and learning method , and help them overcome difficulties in their learning .
Parents should care more about the children 's learning process and learning methods and help them overcome difficulties in their learning .

Healthy Life
What is healthy life ?
What is a healthy life ?
I ca n't remember .
Before I have internet , reading , doing sports , meeting is part of my life .
But now it has been changed a lot .
But now it has changed a lot .
I do n't read books almost , and put meeting off with the excuse that I had too much works to do .
I almost do n't read books anymore , and cancel meetings with the excuse that I had too much work to do .
Today a friend here on lang - 8 who come from USA corrected my entry , and he said he was in computer lab , and would reply me the next time or next week .
Today a friend here on lang - 8 who comes from the USA corrected my entry , and he said that he was in a computer lab , and would reply to me next time , maybe even next week .
I immediately realized that he do n't have internet at dorm .
He is student who learns Chinese , and he is very good at Chinese , even classical Chinese .
I should have healthy life like him , stop wasting time on internet on garbage things .
I 'm supposed to like writing in English arbitrary .
I 'm very grateful to those who help me out with my poor English .
I 'm very sorry to waste your patients and favors .
I just review them for one time and I made the same mistakes in the next entry again .
I 'm a idiot .
Tomorrow is another day , I live in today , everything in my mind is happend yesterday .
Tomorrow is another day , I live today , everything in my mind happened yesterday .
HURRY HURRY !
COME ON COME ON !
YES I CAN !

Hello everybody !
I 'm Billy .
I come from China .
I Can say Cantonese well .
I can speak Cantonese well .
I have been here for 3weeks .
Tomorrow I will go to Auckland Zoo . . . .
Tomorrow I will go to Auckland Zoo . . . .
How to use this site
This is my fist post here .
I got to know this website from a book , which tells me how to improve my English using iPad .
I learned about this website from a book , which tells me how to improve my English using iPad .
Still I do n't understand well what I can do here .
I hope I can find the best way through trial and error .

It 's an interesting website !
I hope I can keep writing diary in English here .
I hope I can keep writing my diary in English here .
The baseball team Dodgers is coming to Taiwan .
The Dodgers baseball team is coming to Taiwan .
I 'm so exciting to see the baseball game in Taiwan ! !
I 'm so excited to see a baseball game in Taiwan ! !

Writing and Speaking Skills : Part 3
I 've been feeling that writing is easier for me than speaking in English .
The cause of it may be an improvement of my writing skills , but I am not still convinced perfectly .
The cause may be because of an improvement in my writing skills , but I am still not perfectly convinced .
Why I 'm feeling that speaking is the worst of my English skills at the moment , even though I used to feel speaking was the best .
am I feeling that speaking is the worst of my English skills at the moment , even though I used to feel that speaking was the best .
In order to analyze that , I 'd like to compare the situation of speaking and writing .
Basically , I am cheerful and positive , so it 's easy for me to get friendly with new people .
Whenever I go to an English conversation club , I always meet newcomers .
They sit around my table and they become my conversational partners at that day .
They sit around my table and they become my conversational partners that day .
They say that they are very comfortable while they are talking with me .
I think my cheerful personality will cause good result .
I think my cheerful personality will cause a good result .
I can also feel the sense that they are comfortable with me .
This good impression makes me think that I 'm good at speaking .
The other advantage is the existence of conversational partners in front of me .
The other advantage is the existence of the conversational partners in front of me .
Even if I make mistakes in English , I can rely on non - verbal language , such as facial expression , gesture , intonation and so on .
I am also good at these non - verbal factors .
And also , speaking is a two - way and real - time communication , so we can confirm the meaning each other .
And also , speaking is a two - way and real - time communication , so we can confirm the meaning with each other .
It 's easy to know how much my conversational partners understand what I said .
On the other hand , writing has a disadvantage , which is a basically one - way communication .
When I write something , there are no readers around me .
In other words , there is no immediate way to know how much people understand what I wrote .
In other words , there is no immediate way to know how much people will understand what I wrote .
In other words , there is no immediate way to know how much of what I write that people will understand
Therefore , writing has a strong possibility to produce misunderstandings .
In addition to the advantage and disadvantage between the types of communication , there is a limitation of my English level .
In addition to the advantages and disadvantages between the types of communication , there is a limitation to my English level .
I really hate that someone misunderstands me .
I really hate it when someone misunderstands me .
That 's why I did n't like writing something in English .
That 's why I did n't like writing somethings in English .
To be continued .

Fukushima Nuclear Plants
Hi my Lang8 friends ,
Thank you for your concerns ,
We are worried about the Nuclear Plants .
There are 2 big plants in Fukushima named Daiichi ( No . 1 ) and Daini ( No . 2 ) plant .
And The Daiichi plant has 6 nuclear power stations .
The whole Daiichi plant has six nuclear reactors .
All stations are shut down and especially the 3 out of 6 are dangerous .
All six reactors are shut down and three out of the six are especially dangerous .
This URL is the electoric company 's press release written in English .
This URL is the electric company 's press release written in English .
I hope this URL will help the people who ca n't read Japanese .
I hope this URL will help those people who ca n't read Japanese .

I 'm afraid of four uture !
I am afraid of the future !
A small article was in a newspaper yesterday .
It was that A scientists ' group has been developing a technique .
The technique is that PC read human 's brain just thinking .
They said we can know what someone is dreaming , what someone is thinking now .
It 's like telepathy !
I was enjoying to watch impossible movies about telepathic girl , traveling space - time , the clone , DOKODEMO DOOR ( it 's Japanese famous comic ) , etc .
We were thinking they were fiction , but we must be these come true in the near future .
We thought these were fiction but they may be reality in the future !
It 's good ?
Is that good ?
Or is that bad ?

Studying English is not easy !
This is a hard language , but I love it .
And I hope I can find the friends who have the same habbies as me .
Just try to talk to me ~

My Seventh Day in America Part 2
After enjoying the antique shops , we went to a Vietnamese restaurant .
Since I bocame bored American foods , it was very good .
Since I have become bored of American food , it was very good .
I 've never eaten such good Vietnamese foods .
I 've never eaten such good Vietnamese food .
The foods were the best food in these seven days .
I ate too much , so I could n't eat dinner anymore .
I ate too much , so I could n't eat dinner .
We really enjoyed lunch with chatting .
We really enjoyed lunch and chatting .
San Do told me if we would love to eat good oriental foods , we should go to a restaurant where are lots of oriental people .
San Do told me if we love to eat good oriental food , we should go to a restaurant where are lots of oriental people .
If the restaurant is full of oriental people , it 's a good restaurant .
On the other hand , if there are many American people in the restaurant , it 's not a good restaurant .
I think we will go there again while we are here .
After enjoying lunch , we went to Wal - Mart .
I love American supermarkets because it 's very big and there are so many stuff .
I love American supermarkets because they 're very big and there is so much stuff .
I really enjoyed Wal - Mart , too .
I bought some bananas , one super big bottole of fruit juice , a pack of chocolate cookie , ten discounted DVDs ( each one was just 5 dollars . ) and a bottle of perfume .
I bought some bananas , one super big bottle of fruit juice , a pack of chocolate cookies , ten discounted DVDs ( each one was just 5 dollars . ) and a bottle of perfume .
I 'm very happy to be able to buy some DVDs .
Right now I ca n't watch them , but after I return back to Japan , I would love to watch all of them .
I also would love to Wal - Mart in Florida again and buy some more DVDs .
I also would love to go to Wal - Mart in Florida again and buy some more DVDs .
My painting teacher , Sand Do is a Vietnamese .
My painting teacher , Sand Do is Vietnamese .
While taking his class , he told me how he has mastered English .
While taking his class , he told me how he mastered English .
He also watched a bunch of movies in English and mastered English .
He also watched a bunch of movies in English .
I agree with him .
Watching movies is one of the best and the interesting ways .
Watching movies is one of the best and most interesting ways .
Untill I will come back here next time , I really would like to improve my comprehension skills more ; I would like to become able to communicate with my American friends much more .
Until I come back here next time , I would really like to improve my comprehension skills more ; I would like to become able to communicate with my American friends much more .
So , I would like to study harder after I return back to Japan .

hey ! ! !
I have a puppy ~
I got my first puppy this summer .
He ran and jumped around when he first stepped in his new home .
He ran and jumped around when he first came into his new home .
What a naughty boy , is n't he ?
He 's a naughty boy , is n't he ?
I named the puppy Pika .
I named him Pika .
Well . . . .
I named he Pika not because he is like the hare which has short ears .
I named him Pika , not because he is like a rabbit with short ears .
Actually because of pikakutar .
Actually , it 's because of pikakutar .
( Do anybody know what it is ? )
( Does anybody know what that is ? )
Whatever , he is still my lovely brother : )
He has white straight fur and pretty eyes .
He has straight white fur and pretty eyes .
And he is only three months .
He is only three months .
Oh ! A young little dog really have a lot of curiosity of the big big world .
Oh ! A young puppy really has a lot of curiosity about the big big world .
He is sooooo cute : )
I promise I 'll take good care of him till the end .
Just like a part of mt body .
Just like a part of my body .
Treat him carefully and tenderly .
I will also treat him tenderly and with care .
( but I 'll still angry with him and blame him when he do serious mistakes . )
( but I 'll still be angry with him and blame him when he does anything serious . )
umm . . . .
It 's my first time to have a dog .
How about you ?
I hope you can share your experience with me : )
I hope you can share your experiences with me : )
Thanks ! !

Time flies . . .
My parents came to Tanzania to meet me for 1 month schedule .
My parents came to Tanzania to meet me for one month .
At the first when I met them at the airport , I thought that it is very long as a travel for 1 month .
At the first when I met them at the airport , I thought that one month would be a very long time to travel around .
However , the day after tomorrow , they are leaving here .
I 'm so depressed . : - (

Today , I 'm first to come here . so I 'm very heppy that there will have some firends to help me study English .
Today is my first time here . I 'm very happy that there will be some friends to help me study English .
My English is very

cherry blossom
Cherry blossoms is going to bloom soon .
At first some weather informations said it will bloom on the twenty - first of this month .
It is the twenty - second .
Today is the twenty - second .
In Tokyo , Japan , there are the standard trees of cherry blossom in the Yasukuni - jinja shrine .
In Tokyo of Japan , there are `` sample trees `` of cherry blossoms in the Yasukuni - jinja .
Someone declare cherry blossoms have bloomed when they found some of it bloomed .
Someone declared cherry blossoms began blooming when they found some flowers came out ( of the sample trees ) .
There were some cherry blossoms bloomed yesterday .
There were cherry blossoms that bloomed yesterday .
But they recognized it less to declair .
But they considered it less than enough for declaring .
So they may declare today .
There are some cherry blossoms ' tree in my neibour .
There are some cherry blossom trees in my neighborhood .
Those blanches have big bud which is going to bloom .
There are many famous location to see cherry blossoms .
There are many famous locations to see cherry blossoms .
Some of them are Chidori - ga - huch in the palace , Ueno - park for example .
( For example , the Chidori - ga - fuchi in the Imperial Palace and the Ueno - park . )

I cooked today .
actually I did n't cook for a while .
actually I have n't cooked for a while .
about 6month ?
I live alone .
I love cook .
I love to cook .
but I love more that I cook for someone .
but I love more to cook for someone else ,
not alone .
When I live alone , I can hardly keep regular hours .
Every time I taste something that 's delicious , always I think of my mother .
She does n't skip breakfast every morning for my family .
She does n't ever skip breakfast in the morning for my family .
when I was a student , I really do n't want to eat breakfast she made every morning .
when I was a student , I really do n't want to eat the breakfast she made every morning .
and then every morning I fought my mother .
If I can be back since , I really will spank my ass on my own .
so , now I can understand how hard she tried to do for my family .
Now I can understand how hard she worked for my family .
I 'm going to my hometown to see my parents tomorrow .
I feel happy whenever thinking of the upcoming Lunar New year 's Day wiht my family .
I feel happy whenever thinking of the upcoming Lunar New Year 's Day with my family .
after the new year , I will start a diet . . . . . . . .
After the New Year , I will start a diet . . . . . . . .
Input and Output 2
I had a TOEIC test today , test was held at university near of Seisekisakuragaoka station .
Before I arrived there , It began to rain , but it became fine weather just before test .
I had been a little obsessed by doing English after previous test , 24 July , because it was n't able to said I got good score .
Of course , Although I dind n't have a skill enough to get high score , but there was other reason too , it was lack of concentration .
But I can do the best today , I think .
Resently , I have been studying for 3 or 4 hours a day , but Reading and Listening were mainly large part .
Recently , I have been studying for 3 or 4 hours a day , but Reading and Listening were mainly the large part .
Speaking and writing ware less , particulally , just before Toeic .
Speaking and writing were less , particularly , just before Toeic .
To be honest , studying to get highscore was not interesthing moment for me .
To be honest , studying to get a highscore was not an interesting moment for me .
But It 's over !
I am free now !
I can read paper backs and listen to the audiobooks , which I want to address , not as material for Toeic . and I think that I have to try to more output : writing , speaking from now on .
Although I feel that I said the same thing before dialy ^ ^ ;

First diary
This is my first diary .
I wish I could write diary everyday .
I wish I could write a diary entry everyday .
lang - 8 . com is a nice website to improve my English ability !
lang - 8 . com is a nice website to improve my English abilities ! !

Just an entry
Hi , everyone ! : D !
I had n't written here in a while .
Now , I 'm on vacations .
Now , I 'm on vacation .
I have n't done anything extraordinary since I was sick until few days ago .
What I did - and was really nice - , was going to a rock concert from a local band .
What I did - and it was really nice - was go to a rock concert performed by local band .
They turned out to be awesome .
I had listened to their previous records , and knew some of their songs by heart , but being there was just unexpectedly great .
They 're called `` Caramelos de cianuro `` ( Cyanide candies ) and here : URL you can listen to some of their recent tracks , really nice , in my opinion .
Hope everyone is having fun on summer !
Hope everyone is having fun n summer !
- Indramon

I have a question
I have a question .
I 'm learning english now , but my english is very poor .
I 'm learning English now , but my English is very poor .
how can I improve my english ? oh my god !
How can I improve my English ? Oh my god !

Keep on writing diary
Writing diary in English everyday is hard for me .
Writing a diary in English everyday is hard for me .
I could not manage to make enough time for it .
I ca n't ( manage to ) make enough time for it .
But everyday something funny always happens and I would like to
tell you about it .
That makes me happy .
Today my ' Kituke ' teacher who is teaching me how to put on ' kimono '
told me not to touched and bent her ' obi ' ( sash ) .
It was because when we put on ' kimono ' , we use sash by folding half - width .
But we should not bend sash at the very edge where there is a
pattern particularly in case of that is made by embroidery .
If once we make a line of folding on the pattern , it can not be put away .
If we make a crease even once on the pattern , it wo n't go away .
The line will never disappear .
The crease will never disappear .
So that sash will be spoiled .
I do n't know it until now .
When I closed to her to touch her sash , she screamed and ran
away with drawing her sash like a kangaroo ! !

Last weekend - 1 !
Last weekend , it was a long off - day because last Friday was Memorial Day for devoted people in war , such as deceased patriots , soilders and officers of armed forces .
Last weekend , it was a long day off because last Friday was Memorial Day for devoted people in war , such as deceased patriots , soldiers and officers of armed forces .
For national holiday and weekend , I had three days to do something .
The national holiday plus the weekend , I had three days to do something .
On Friday , it was a clean day because my parents wanted to be cleaned up wooden floor .
On Friday , it was a cleaning day because my parents wanted the wooden floor to be cleaned up .
So a half day we cleaned it up , my parents and I were exhausted .
So for a half day we cleaned it up , my parents and I were exhausted .
I could n't anything but take a relax .
I could n't do anything but relax .
Last Saturday , I felt down and I 'd like to go out for a walk so I went to Haeundae beach alone .
Last Saturday , I felt down and wanted to go out for a walk so I went to Haeundae beach alone .
As you know , sometiems people do n't want to be together , just leave oneself alone .
As you know , sometiems people do n't want to be together , just be alone .
At first time , I hesitated to go to there alone , however I needed to get a second wind .
When I arrived there , there were so many people who enjoyed with family , lovers and friends .
When I arrived there , there were so many people who enjoyed with their family , lovers and friends .
I walked by myself along the beach and sat down sand to do thinking something and seeing sea views .
I walked by myself along the beach and sat down on the sand to do some thinkingand watching the sea view .
And I joined the private coversation club for improving English skill .
And I joined the private conversation club for improving English skills .
Every Saturday it helds in Seomyeon .
Every Saturday it is held in Seomyeon .
There are various people in there .
I like joining this club .
Because it can be improved my English speech skill and it makes people together as well .
Because it can be improve my English speech skills and it makes people come together as well .
Briefly let you know this club , for five hours people talk about several topics and small talks .
To briefly let you know this club , for five hours people talk about several topics and make small talk .
It 's no restrict to join the club , just enrol the website and then you can join it every Saturday .
There are no restrictions to join the club , just enroll on the website and then you can attend it every Saturday .
Once joining this club , I should n't go back home after finishing the conversation .
Once joining this club , I do n't go back home after finishing conversing .
Usually people go drinking soju and beer lightly .
Usually people go out to drink soju and beer lightly .
And something to play sports , such as playing pool , bowling and singing to Karaoke .
And do something else like play sports , such as playing pool , bowling and singing to karaoke .
Same as usual , we went to play pool after finishing coversation .
As usual , we went to play pool after finishing conversation .
We agreed on cost for pool .
We agreed on payment for pool .
My team lost , the score is 2 - 1 .
We had to pay , however it was so fun .
And then we went to drink beer with chieken .
It was a long day .

I do n't know my mind which I love you .
I met her at 09 : 00 .
We drank with my friend and her friend .
I did n't see her .
but I played with her friend .
but I hooked up with her friend .
I do n't know why I behaved .
I do n't know why I did that .
I 'm stupid .

Nice to meet you !
I started Lang - 8 to study English .
I will write a diary of daily events and thought .
I will write a diary of daily events and thoughts .
Although my writing is awkward text at first , it should make progress every day .
At first , my writing is awkward but , I should make progress every day .
Let 's keep in touch .

Japanese cartoon
I have been loved reading cartoon since I was a child , especially Japanese cartoon .
I have loved reading cartoons since I was a child , especially Japanese cartoons .
Though Chinese cartoon have improved a lot , I still love the style of Japanese cartoon .
Though Chinese cartoons have improved a lot , I still love the style of Japanese cartoons .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin `` is an early and special cartoon in my memory .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin `` is an early and special memory of mine .
It fully exhibited cold and bloody of the war in the use of sword .
People would feel ambiguous when faced to the selection between the people 's lives and deontology .
I do n't know how to express my feeling about this complex expression .
I do n't know how to express my feeling about this complex issue .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin Memories `` is very good , it 's worth to watching .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin Memories `` is very good , it 's worth watching .

yes , I understand .
Today , when my teacher asked us `` Do you understand ? ``
Then I answered ' Yes , I understand .
I answered ' Yes , I understand .
Is it correct ?
Is this correct ?
or I should answered ' Yes , I do .
or should I have answered ' Yes , I do .
when should I answered ' Yes , I do .
when should I answer ' Yes , I do .
' and ' Yes , I understand . ' ?

This weekend I stayed at home by myself , because my parents were going to Amerian .
So I am so happy , but I need to cook by myself , I tried to do my best , I bought many dumpling , It 's easy to cook , I had eaten it two day , Afternoon I play basketball with my friend four hours , I had a good weekend .
I was so happy , but I needed to cook by myself . I tried to do my best , so I bought many dumplings , because they are easy to cook . I ate them for two days . I played basketball with my friend in the afternoon for four hours . I had a good weekend .

`` Terrorism `` is named after terror
`` Terrorism `` comes from the wordterror
I found this article today .
`` Times Square bomb plot spotlights larger U .
S . fear ``
Yes I 'm afraid of bombing in the U .
Yes , I 'm afraid of abombing in the U .
S , especial for Times SQ near my dad lives .
S . - especially in Times Squarebecause my dad livesnearby .
S , especially in Times Square near where my dad lives .
But I think it 's important to realize that we tend to worry too much about risks next to us , and tend to ignore them seems to be far from us .
I think it 's moreimportant , though , to realize that we tend to worry too much about therisks next to us , and tend to ignore those that seem to be far away .
But I think it 's important to realize that we tend to worry too much about risks close to home , and tend to ignore those that seem far away from us .
For example , Swine flu has killed 17000 people in theU .
For example , Swine flu has killed over / around17000 people in theU .
Reuters reports
I guess it will do kill more or less people again .
And it will continue to kill this many people , more or less , every year .
Can you be making too much of this issue right now ?
Can we be making too much of this issue right now ?
Are we making too much of this issue right now ?
Stock masks in case , food and water and check CDC everyday ?
Stockingfood , water , andmasks in cases , checking CDC everyday ?
Stocking masks food and water , and checking CDC everyday ?
Nonsense .
Another example , car accidents kill about 40000 people every year , who can give up driving ?
Another example - car accidents kill about 40000 people every year , butwho gives up driving ?
Yes , we can control risks and our minds .
Yes , we can control risk and our minds .
However , once we trapped fears of small attacks might be happen at YOUR city , `` terror `` can easily over - control our mind .
However , once we trap fears of small localattacks in our minds , `` terror `` can easily over - control our minds .
However , once you become consumed by the fear that small attacks might happen in YOUR city , `` terror `` can easily take over our minds .
That make us dumb then we ca n't answer correctly these kind of questions , `` which is more serious ? `` , `` which can kill many ? ``
That makes us dumb and we ca n't correctlyanswer these kinds of questions - `` Which is more serious ? `` and `` Which can kill more ? ``
That makes us blind , and we ca n't correctly answer questions like `` which is more serious ? `` and `` which can kill more ? ``
In fact , believe or not , we CAN ' T control the brain at all .
But right information that we tend to do so will help us to overtake the effects from fears .
However , if we have theright information , it will help us to overtake the effects of fear .
But having access to the right information will help us overcome these fears .
Otherwise
`` You might be seduced by the dark side of the Force `` , haha . ; - p
Financial crisis makes us easy to loose our temper , so that 's the reason I hope to share this with you .
The financial crisis makes iteasy for usto lose our temper , so that 's the reason I wanted to share this with you .
Thanks .

Nice to meet you !
This is my first time to write my diary in English ! !
I feel nuevous a little bit . . .
I feel nervous a little bit . . .
Yesterday I got a book from my brother .
The book my brother gave me yesterday motivated me to learn English .
The book my brother gave me motivated me to learn English .
I have n't understood how to study English .
I had n't understood how to study English .
It wrote the reasons Japanese are weak on Englsh and the method Japanese study it efficiency .
It wrote about the reasons Japanese are weak with English and the method Japanese use to study it efficiency .
My opinion about studying English was not complately wrong : p
My opinion about studying English was not completely wrong : p
It is whether I 've try it or not .
It is whether I 've tried it or not .
I look forward to bringing about great changes in my brain on this studying abraod .
I look forward to bringing about great changes in my brain on this studying abroad .

I want go home
Today is a traditional festival in China , I want go home early , but I have a salon class at 6 o ' clock , I 'm so pity !
Today is a traditional festival in China . I want go home early , but I have a salon class at 6 o ' clock . I 'm so sad !

My Very First Entry
Hello : )
I 'm Japanese and I 'm from Japan .
I graduated from a university this year then I majored in Economics .
MY INTERSTS are
/ Hand crafts ( Beads accessories , Leather crafts and Ceramics )
/ Cooking
/ Photographs
/ Photographs ( Photography ? )
/ Japanese flower arrangement
/ World heritage
/ Classic ballet
and so on .
Now I 'm learning English and willing to study Arabic .
In particulary , I would like to speak English fluently .
In particular , I would like to speak English fluently .
So I 'm looking for a person who can correct my grammar and pronunciation .
I like writing English but I 'm not good at speaking yet .
I can tell you some beautiful KANJI and basic Japanese .
I can show you some beautiful Kanji and basic Japanese .
Why do n't we Language Exchange ?
Why do n't we do a language exchange ?
If you are interested in my profile , please contact me on here or Skype ( ID : crystaldew530 ) .
If you are interested in my profile , please contact me on here or on Skype ( ID : crystaldew530 ) .
I think using foreign languages makes me discover something new of myself .
I think using foreign languages makes me discover new things about myself .
Thank you ; )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Actually , this is my profile on toppage .
Actually , this is my profile for my top page .
I 'm afraid of this essay may sounds strange .
I 'm afraid this essay may sound strange .
If you are OK , would you correct these sentences ?
If it 's alright with you , would you correct these sentences ?

lady antebellum
I love a music .
I love music . / I love the music .
I like Lady Antebellum these days .
`` Need You Now ``
I 'll write the lyric .
picture perfect memories
scatter all around the floor
Reaching for the phone cause I ca n't fight it anymore
It 's a quter after one I 'm all alone and I need you now .
It 's a quarter after one I 'm all alone and I need you now .
said I could n't come but I lost all control and I need you now .
right ? I forgot the rest .
it 's good song .

I 'm under a great deal of stress .
Stress on studying have caused enteritis starting the day before yesterday .
The stress of study has caused enteritis starting the day before yesterday .
I feel a little bit pain in my stomach and have a slight fever .
I feel a little bit of pain in my stomach and have a slight fever .
And I 'm suffering from oily bowel movements .
I 'm sorry if I had made you unappetized .
I 'm sorry if I made you lose your appetite .
haha T ^ T
I dind 't mean to offend you .
I just wanted to use some expressions I learned yesterday under my situation .
I just wanted to use some expressions I learned yesterday because of my situation .
`` oily bowel movements ``

The smoking rate in Japan
The difference of the smoking rates between male and female in Japan is much wider than that in other countries surveyed .
The difference of the smoking rates between males and females in Japan is much wider than that in other countries surveyed .
One possible reason for this is that in Japan the number of women who work outside the home is smaller than that in other countries .
It seems to me , therefore , that the difference of the rates will disappear if more and more women begin to work outside the home .
It seems to me , therefore , the difference of the rates will disappear if more and more women begin to work outside the home .
I wrote this easy essay .
Could you correct this ?
I do n't understand how to use the word `` difference `` and its collocation .
Is this correct ?
a ) The difference will be wider .
b ) The difference will be smaller .

Yesterday , I browsed a Lang - 8 diary was written by Ms .
Yesterday , I browsed a Lang - 8 diary that was written by Ms .
zubasa ( URL ) .
She wrote about a TV - drama IRIS .
She wrote about a TV - drama called IRIS .
The drama was taken production cost for 1 . 5 billion yen , and it was starred by Mr .
The drama 's production cost was 1 . 5 billion yen , and Mr .
Lee Byung - Hun .
Lee Byung - Hun starred in it .
The drama will be broadcasted in Japan from tonight .
The drama will be broadcasted in Japan tonight .
I would like to watch this .
I would like to watch it .

what am I doing
it has lasted almost a month since my pc back ( a month ago it was dead , T _ T ) , everymorning I get up , the first thing I do is to tuen the pc on and then think what I am going to do .
My pc has lasted almost a month since I got it back ( a month ago it was dead , T _ T ) . Everymorning when I get up , the first thing I do is to turn the pc on and think what I am going to do .
when I finish the washing stuff , I just sit down , and check every blog of mine , Lang - 8 myspace xiaonei ( a Chinese campus communication website ) , QQspace and then check the ifeng getting on QQ skepe msn .
when all of these done , I fall in to confused again , have totally no ideal what I am going to do .
when all of these are done , I 'm confused again and have totally no idea what I am going to do .
yeah , actually there are lots of stuff need ne to finish , but I just ca n't focus my mind on them , I do n't want to read , do n't want to do paper work or something like that .
yeah , actually there are lots of stuff I need to finish , but I just ca n't focus my mind on them . I do n't want to read or do something like paperwork .
I even do n't know why I am staying here .
I do n't even know why I am staying here .
friends told me you guy must come back , do n't be like this , you are going to graduate soon , you must wake up , preparing for it . but I just ca n't .
My friends told me , `` You must come back . Do n't be like this . You are going to graduate soon . You must wake up , prepare for it . `` But I just ca n't .
what can I do ?
what can I do ?
I am really confused ! ! !
My friend .
Hi , How are you ?
My friend will go back to Taiwan tomorrow .
I 'm so sad . . .
I will go back to Japan in Sep 15th , but I do n't wanna go ! ! ! !
By the way , I went to the Lady Gaga 's concert .
It was fun and it was good experiance .
It was fun and it was good experience .
It was fun and it was a good experience .
She was hot .
I got a ticket for $ 60 .
It 's cheap , is n't it ? ?
Now I wanna go to seattle to watch the baseball game .
Now I wanna go to Seattle to watch the baseball game .
Have a nice day .

The first time ~
The first time ~
This is my first time to write this stuff .
This is my first time to write something here .
I hope this should be funny .
I hope this will be fun .
I would like to know someone new , and make some friendship by this .
I would like to meet someone new , and make some friendships here . .
It 's 8 : 19 am In Colombia ^ ^
It 's 8 : 19 AM in Colombia ^ ^
Today I want to go read my new book ! ! !
His name is `` Capitan Grisam y el amor `` , but I 'm boring and , I do n't know why T - T ? .

Snowing day
I like snowing day very much .
I like snowy days very much .
I like to see the snow flower dancing in the air and slowing down to the ground .
I like to see the snow flowers dancing in the air and slowing down to the ground .
I stretched my palm to wait the snow dancing to it and seized them to my mouth , of curse I would put a prune together , tasting the favors of salt , sour and sweet .
I stretched my palm to wait for the snow dancing to it and put it in my mouth ; of course I would put it in together with a prune , tasting the favors of salt , sour and sweet .
Nobody could desribe it at best .
And then you could see white snow full in everywhere , cleaning and bright .
And then you could see white snow everywhere , clean and bright .
It was so beautiful .
We all were so excited .
I still could remenber the first time I enjoyed the sonwing .
I still could remember the first time I enjoyed the snow .
That is twenty - five years ago , but I could still cearly described the scene of snowing night .
When my classmates and I decided to suffer our sleeping all night to crimb to the top of Seven - Star Mountain , we put on the heavy clothing all we had .
When my classmates and I decided to sacrifice our sleeping all night to climb to the top of Seven - Star Mountain , we put on all the heavy clothing we had .
When we went out our apartment , there were crowds paradin fully on the road .
When we went out to our apartment , there were crowds parading on the road .
We joined to the crowds and laughted ourselves crazy guys .
We joined to the crowds and laughted ourselves crazy .
It was a really nice time and we enjoyed it very much .
It was a really nice time and we enjoyed it very much .

I got a little saticeficed with speaking English .
I got a little satisfiedwith speaking English .
Yesterday our bussiness partner came Japan .
Yesterday our business partner came to Japan .
And we conducted a meeting .
Surely we discussed in English .
Surely we were able toconverse in English .
Since nowadays I study writing English on this page and I could speak better than before .
Since nowadays I study writing English on this page and I can speak better than before .
Nowadays I study writing English on this page , so I could speak better than before .
I suose that writing English is amost the same as speaking .
I suppose that writing English is amost the same as speaking .
I got a little saticeficed with that .
I got a little satisfiedwith that .

I ' studing English by wab lesson with the phirippine teacher .
I 'm studying English via web lesson with the Phillippino teacher .
I 'm studying English by web lesson with t a teacher from the Philippines .
They are kind very much .
They are very kind .
The web lesson is usefull and fun for me .
The web lesson is useful and fun for me .
But I know just a little words , so I ca n't question then .
I studied the use of the words `` how many / how much `` today .
countable word - use `` many ``
For countable words , use `` many `` .
uncountable word - use `` much ``
For uncountable words , use `` much `` .
I understood well .
But . . . . .
How about a cube suger or milk of packing ?
I think there are a contable words .
I think these are countable words .
What should I say in this case ?
And , what should I say to answer ?
Also , what should I say to answer ?

encourage me
Encourage me to study harder .
I do n't want to repeat more one year .
I do n't want to repeat one more year .

Studying english
Hi , My name is yu .
Hi , my name is Yu .
I live in Nara .
I have been studying English since the summer three years ago .
I had studied in self - study until now .
I have done self - study until now .
mostly , I had studied in the train when I had commuted to my office .
Mostly , I studied in the train when I commuted to my office .
I work in Kyoto .
for example , I had read some books of English words to remember the English words .
But I thought its difficult to master the English conversation and writing English note on that way .
But I realised that it will be difficult to master conversation and writing that way .
Then , I know this Web site .
I hope I will learn English more by using this Web site and make friends in foreign country .
Thank you .

Short films 103
Recently , the MTR has a short film competition .
Recently , the MTR had a short film competition .
Using `` 103 `` as a topic to make films .
Using `` 103 `` as a topic for the films .
It was quite funny and interesting . . . haha

Life . . . . . ^ o ^
No matter you are young or old .
No matter what , whetheryou are young or old ,
Life is what you creat .
Creative a different life just like adventure or stability .
That 's OK ! !
Try to do something special to make your life happier is more important .
Trying to do something that is special to make your life happier is the mostimportant thing .
Yell . . . .
just a way to explain we are the best of our own .
just a way to explain / express thatwe are the best of our own .

Busying live !
A Busy Life !
Busying live ! - > Life becomes busier
I feel that much things must finish , for example : my homework , my program , and so on .
I feel that many things must finish ; for example : my homework , my program , and so on .
I feel that there 're so many things I must finish , for example , my homework , my program and so on .
We have some course but I do n't want to on class because others thing seem like more important than it and my course is not interesting .
We have some course left but I do n't want to go to class because other things seem more important and my course is not interesting .
We have some course , but I do n't want to go to class , because other things seem more important to me than it and my course is not interesting .
Although I always go to class , I read my book and did n't listening my teacher 's said .
Although I always go to class , I read my book and do n't listen to what my teacher 's saying .
Recently , some classmates had cold so they did n't went to class .
Recently , some classmates had colds so they did n't go to class .
Recently some of my classmates had cold and they did n't go to class .
I used to run but have not enough times to run now .
I used to run , but I have not had enough time to do it lately .
I used to run , but I have not got enough time to run now .
Fortunate , I have a good body so can do much things however I feel to tire in this period .
Fortunately , I have a good body so I can do many things ; however , I feel too tired at the moment .
Busying live but it is happy !
It 's a busy life but it is happy !

I drink much water and buy 1 . 5 liter bottled Volvic every day on my wat to office .
I drink a lot of water and buy 1 . 5 liter bottled Volvic every day on my way to the office .
Some say I drink too much but I run in the evening and swear a lot ,
I suppose that keeps me slim and healty .

I 'm heading to Brisbane tomorrow .
I 've been with my boyfriend and his family for about 3 months in Warwick .
They are so good to me even though they 've had tough time for some reason .
They 've been so good to me even though they 've had some tough times recently .
I was crying when I hugged his mother to say good bye .
I cried when I hugged his mother goodbye .
I do n't wanna cry every important moment because I ca n't do both crying and saying important thing like ' I love you , thank you ' at the same time .
Anyway thanks a lot and see you again someday .
Keep in touch . ( That 's why I love facebook , even I can be a friend with boyfriend 's mother hahahaha ) Bye ~

I ate spaghetti , fried fish and salad for dinner .
They were very delicious .
It was very delicious .

Writing practice 2
I 'm studying for an English exam .
Please correct my writing .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[ Question ]
You have heard that a developer plans to build a shopping center near your home .
Write a letter to the council .
In your letter
- say haw you heard about the plan
- explain how you feel about it
- ask for more information about it
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am a resident living near the Green Park .
I am writing to ask you about the plan that you are going to build a shopping center near the park .
I am writing to ask you about the plan to build a shopping center near the park .
I knew the plan today from reading the newspaper which you were explaining the plan at an interview .
I found out about the plan today by reading a newspaper article about an interview in which you were explaining the plan .
It did not sound good at all to me because I think you should have talked to the people who live around the park beforehand .
I am also afraid how the environment of this area will be , such as traffic and noise pollution .
I am also worried about what the effects on the environment of this area will be , such as traffic and noise pollution .
I would like to know the detail of the plan .
I would like to know the details of the plan .
And of course , I would like you to come and explain to the residence immediately .
Unless you do so and I agree the idea , I can not welcome the shopping center .
Unless you do so and I agree the idea , I will not welcome the shopping center .
I would be very grateful if you replied me in ten days .
I would be very grateful if you replied me within ten days .
I look forward hearing from you .
Sincerely ,

Please correct this diary : - )
Today , the rainy season has begun in Kobe , Japan .
Japanese climate is originally very humid , but in this season , it becomes more terrible !
The climate in japan is usually very humid , but in this season , it 's even worse !
My skin always feels sticky in this heat and humidity .
I wanna go somewhere whose weather is clear .
I wanna go somewhere where the weather is clearer .

No corrected in writing . . .
I started to write a diary in lang - 8 , but the number of corrected times is only one times . . .
I started writing a diaryo n lang - 8 , but the number of corrected times is only one . . .
Is there any trick in order to be corrected by someone well ?
Is there any trick to getting corrected by someone well ?
It would had better that I get in a premium member . . .
It would have been better if I had gotten a a premium membership . . .

my uncle was married .
It was pouring rain yesterday .
My uncle has 39 years old .
My uncle is 39 years old .
He had married his wife finally .
She was from North Korea .
When I first heard that I was surprised .
I thought that it is only other person .
I thought that that could happen only to other people ( ? ? )
Anyway , my family of father , mother and me went to grandmother 's house .
My family stayed at moment that .
And we went to in wedding place .
And we went to the wedding place .
These were started wedding at 11 .
The wedding started at 11 .
After wedding took pictures .
After the wedding we took pictures .
Next These were started wedding of korea traditional .
Next , the traditional Korean wedding started .
We could have afternoon lately .
`` Congratulation the wedding ``

Hello everybody ! !
Hello , everybody ! !
hello , today I was busy in my work but I have days free , today for example I was very busy but I think tomorrow I have a little more of time for writing .
I have gotten home and I am tired with a little sleep , now I going take shower and sleep

The picture
I took part in a performance which were made to welcome the fresh - men .
I took part in a performance which was made to welcome the freshmen .
The sitcom I danced was about the `` 5 . 12 `` violent earthquake , showing that a teacher saved her student at the last second , and the girl found the teacher in Heaven , their dancing in Heaven push the performance to the climax .
The performance I danced in was about the `` 5 . 12 `` violent earthquake . It was about a teacher who saved her student at the last second , and the girl found the teacher in Heaven where they danced together , pushing the performance to its climax .
The actor I played were a angel , and there were ten angels at all .
We testimonied the extremely strong affection between the teacher and the little girl , we send our best wishes to the great teacher .
The play is a testimonial to the strong affection between the teacher and the little girl .
The picture is the last scene .
This picture is from the last scene .
I love the dance !
I loved the dance !
It was my honor to take the participate in the performance , and I made friends with every actors of the dance , including the little gir , the teacher and the other angels .
It was my honor to participate in the performance , and I made friends with all of hte actors including the little girl , the teacher , and the other angels .
I think it is unforgetable for me forever .

Admirable celebrities
There are many celebrities with great talent in this world .
Some singers have a talent for music , and some athletes have a talent for sports .
Ichiro is one of the celebrities I admire the most , because he is very hardworking .
He is a famous Japanese baseball player and is currently a member of Seattle Mariners .
He is a famous Japanese baseball player and is currently a member of the Seattle Mariners .
He has a startling talent for baseball already , but he continues practicing very hard to keep himself motivated .
As a result , he 's gotten more than 200 hits each year for nine years in a row after his debut in MLB .
When it comes to the past admirable famous person , I think of Mother Teresa .
When it comes to past admirable famous people , I think of Mother Teresa .
She dedicated herself to helping the people who was poor or sick .
She dedicated herself to helping people who were poor or sick .
She did a lot of work for charity .
I think the number of children and their parents who care about only themselves has been increasing recently .
Her whole life definitely can tell the significance of helping other people to them .
Her whole life can definitely teach them the significance of helping other people .
I 'd like to be a diligent and generous person like Ichiro and Mother Teresa .
Which famous person do you admire a lot ?

difficult
I necessary to reply email in English .
It is necessary for me to reply to emails in English .
But my English is bad I know .
But I know that my English is bad .
I feel a pressure very much .
I 'm very stressed .
Can I get through them . . . .
Thanks .

At Work on the middle of Holidays .
At work on the middle of the holidays .
At Work During Holidays .
I 'm at work now even though it 's the middle of chusuk holidays .
I 'm at work now even though it 's the middle of the chusuk holidays .
I was instructed to go to work because it rained severely yesterday .
My higher officer might 've been worried about any damage to the buildings and his men .
My higher officer have been worried about any damage to the building and his men .
It 's very quite and piece today except for a the cloudy sky .
It 's very quiet and peaceful today except for the cloudy sky .
It 's very quiet and peaceful today except for a the cloudy sky .
There seem to be no damages to our company .
There seems to be no damage to our company .
There seems to be no damage to our company .
Despite the fact , I have to be here because I was told like that .
Despite the fact , I have to be here because I was told that .
Despite the fact , I have to be here because I was told so .
I originally planed to visit my relatives who live in Seoul and near my place today .
I originally planed to visit my relatives today . They live in Seoul , which is near my place .
I originally planed to visit my relatives today . They lived in Seoul , which was near my place .
I miss not visiting and meeting them today .
I miss them . I wish I could have visited them today .
I wanted to visit and meet them today .
I ca n't do nothing but call them and say hello .
The only thing I can do is call them and say hello .
I could do nothing but called them and said hello .
You who read this entry might also be at work .
Whoever read this entry , might also be at work .
When reading this entry , you might also be working today .
You however might spend your Wednesday on the weekdays .
You however might spend your Wednesdays off of work .
That 's the difference to / from / with ( ? ) me .
That would be the difference between you and ( ? ) me .
That 's the difference
I turned the radio on and am listening to AFKN , a channel for US army in Yongsan .
I turned the radio on , and am listening to AFKN , a channel for the US army in Yongsan .
I turned the radio on and am listening to AFKN , a channel for US army in Yongsan .
It 's available in English so I do n't understand much but it 's broadcasting a lot of good popsongs .
It 's in in English , so I do n't understand much , but it 's broadcasting a lot of good popsongs .
It 's in English . So although I do n't understand much , I could still enjoy a lot of good popsongs it broadcast .
I totally enjoy that much .
I totally enjoy that !
Have a nice day .
Have a nice day !

Eyestrain
Recently , There are lessons using computer .
Recently , I have done some lessons using a computer .
I kept using computer for the while morning today .
I kept using the computer for a while this morning .
So My eyes are very tired .
So my eyes are very tired .
I think my eyes should rest frequently .

11 / 06 / 04 Sat . `` Today And Tomorrow ``
It 's sunny today , I washed clothes and hanged out these and a mattress .
It 's sunny today , I washed clothes . I hung out the clothes and a mattress .
Tomorrow , I will work because I had to finish a work but I could n't finish the work . .
Tomorrow , I will work because I have to finish a task that I have n't finished yet .

Supplementary lectures
Today , I have a supplement lectures .
Today , I have supplement lectures .
Naturally today is holiday .
Naturally today is a holiday .
So , I feel heavy .
However , I have to stand !

Hello ! ( self introduction )
Hello ^ ^
I 'm university students .
I 'm a university student .
Year is junior in college .
I 'm in my junior year of college .
I 'm poor for speaking foreign language , but I like Traveling abroad and interested in international communication .
I 'm bad at speaking foreign languages , but I like traveling abroad and I 'm interested in international communication .
I stayed abroad at England for 1month .
I stayed in England for a month .
And I have visited the Hawaii and South Korea in travel .
And I have visited Hawaii and South Korea .
I want to go to trip !
I want to go on a trip !
to your country .
( I wish I could write good self introduction in English . )
( I wish I could write a good self introduction in English . )

Hair Color .
I 'd like to try to dye from blown to bronze ( My hair color is black in born ) , apart from whether it suits to me ^ ^
I 'd like to try to dye my hair from brown to bronze ( I was born with black hair ) , apart from whether it suits me or not ^ ^
Because I 'm jealous of foreigners who have bronze hair .
I wish bronze hair would suit to me lol
I wish bronze hair would suit me lol
But there are two problems .
One is that dying hair gives damage to my hair , another is the case that bronze hair does n't suit to me .
One is that dying hair damages my hair , another is that bronze hair does n't suit me .
Though I like my natural hair color , black , I want to attempt to dye .
Although I like my natural hair color , black , I want to attempt to dye my hair .
Will my face look like foreigner 's ?
I hope so ^ ^

legal research
I did n't write any words for quite a long time since I left here .
I did n't write any English words for quite a long time since I left here .
Recently I enter a law firm and start my career as a lawyer .
But recently , I entered a law firm and started my career as a lawyer .
It is not easy to handle well with the partner 's assignment .
It is not easy for me to handle the partner 's assignment well .
For example , I draft the legal research titled as mining investment in Phlippine .
For example , I draft some legal research titled `` Mining Investment in the Philippines `` .
There are some problems I want to discuss :
What is the standard for good legal research in English ?
What about the structure , body and points should be ?
How to achieve the goal as making a good legal reseach ?
I am intrested in BBC TV series .
I am interested in BBC TV series .
Is it a good idea to attend subtitling group ?
Is it a good idea to attend a subtitling group ?

Do you know DORAEMON ?
He really likes to eat Dorayaki .
It is similar to sandwich , put bean paste between sweet bread .
This year is Rabbit year . ( based on Oriental custom )
So Dorayaki has Rabiit print .
So Dorayaki has Rabbit designs .
My eldest son ate a lot of Dorayaki like as DRAEMON .
My eldest son ate a lot of Dorayaki like DORAEMON .

I started Lang - 8 .
About me .
I am Japanese student .
I like playing the guitar .
And I like death metal , grindcore and goregrind .
And I also like death such types of music as metal , grindcore and goregrind .
And I like anime .
Today 's journal entry lost
My dairy lost due to the server down after I click `` sumit `` button . . T . T
My dairy was lost due to the server being down after I clicked the `` submit `` button .
I have no way but re - write although it is 11 : 30 PM which is late for me . . .
I have no way but re - write it , and it is now 11 : 30 PM which is late for me . . .
Finally I finished payroll calculation of Augest on time .
I finally finished the payroll calculation for August on time .
Oh , I forget to introduce that I work with human resourse department and I have beening working in this function after I graduated from university .
Oh , I forgot to introduce that I work in the human resource department , and have been since I graduated from college .
Payroll calculation and delivery with timely and accurate manner is one of my tasks .
Currently there are more than 350 staffs work in our facility and for me , it takes at least 2 days to complete payroll caculation and report submission every month .
Currently there are more than 350 employees staffed in our facility , and for me , it takes at least 2 days to complete payroll calculation prior to submission each month .
There is an on - line HR system launched last year to facilitate the payroll process , improve accuracy and save time on mass data processing by updating system the basic personnel information , including but not limited to staff movement , salary adjustment .
There is an online HR system that was launched last year to facilitate the payroll process , improve accuracy and save time on mass data processing by updating basic personnel information , including but not limited to staff movement and salary adjustment .
But still , I keep on doing payroll calculation in Excel format at the same as a self - counter - check - tool to make sure 100 % accuracy .
Obviously it costs my time , but I am willing to do .
Because I do n't want to make any mistake and I hate be challenged by others in case I did wrong .
The end of today .
I am going to save above in Microsoft word before posting .
I am going to save the above in Microsoft Word before posting .

Today , I went to library to study English .
Today , I went to the library to study English .
On the way to it high school students were playing baseball in stadium .
On the way to it , high school students were playing baseball in the stadium .
I was watching it for a while because they seemed to enjoy it .
I watched it for a while because they seemed to enjoy it .
And I got a cup of tea from their mother .
Thanks for mom !
Thanks mom !

A radiological dosage in Tokyo is as usual by measurement at 19th .
The radiation level in Tokyo is as usual according to measurement on the19th .
The news said that milk and spinach were irradiated .
If we take them the average amount of a year , the total amount is as much as getting one CTscan .
But Japanese government requested not to forward .
But Japanese government requested not to go ( ? ) forward .
I can do only pray .
I can only pray .
Rolling blackouts force us stagnate works .
Rolling blackouts force us to stop work .
There is no other way .
We should do our best .

New comer ! !
Today , I met a new staff member in our office .
Today , I met the new staff member in our office .
She is 26 years old and she is so cute ! !
How small her face is !
Her face is so small !
Her face is so small !
Her face is so small !
It 's size is about One - third of mine . . .
It 's about one - third the size of mine . . .
It 's about one - third smaller than my face . . .
It 's about one - third smaller than my face . . .
I had a lunch with her and colleagues of our department to welcome her .
I had a lunch with her and some other colleagues from our department to welcome her .
I had lunch with her and the colleagues of our department came to welcome her .
I had lunch with her and the colleagues of our department came to welcome her .
She has been living in Tokyo for a year and a half .
She has to get used to her new job as soon as possible .
She has to get used to her new job as soon as possible ,
So I have to help her .
so I will have to help her .
Tomorrow I will make a speech in the morning meeting .
Tomorrow , I will make a speech in morning meeting .
Now , I will prepare for it . .
Now , I will go prepare for it . . .

Grand father 's house ~
My Grandfather 's House
Yesterday before , I went to my grandfather 's house to stay with my friends .
The day before yesterday , I went to my grandfather 's house to stay with my friends .
Father 's home is in KangWonDo , suburban .
My ( grand ? ) father 's home is in the suburb of Kang Won Do .
There is a market to take about 30minute on foot .
And sometimes cell phone does n't work because there are many mountain .
And sometimes my cell phone does n't work because there are so many mountains nearby .
Despite a littel inconvenient , there is clean air , water , and very beautiful scenary .
Although it is a little inconvenient , there is clean air , water , and very beautiful scenery .
We were had a good time .
We had a good time .
But , the next day , we could n't go to home because there were too many rain to go home , roads to seoul were blocked .
But the next day , we could n't go home , because there was too much rain and the roads to Seoul were blocked .
Fortunately , we could go to home for stop rain .
Fortunately , we could go home once the rain stopped .
If good , weather , I wish go there again .
If the weather is good , I would like to go there again .

Ultra Orange & Emmanuelle
I bought a CD titled `` Ultra Orange & Emmanuelle `` by Amazon .
I really like a song `` Sing Sing `` the best .
I really like the song `` Sing Sing `` the best .
Emmanuelle Seigner , an French actress , is lead vocalist of the band .
Emmanuelle Seigner , a French actress , is the lead vocalist of the band .
The way she sings is very sexy and adorable .
The reason why I bought this CD is only her voice .
The reason why I bought this CD was only her voice .
I saw a movie titled `` The Diving Bell and the Butterfly `` last week , the movie future their song `` Do n't Kiss Me Goodbye `` .
I saw a movie titled `` The Diving Bell and the Butterfly `` last week . The movie features their song `` Do n't Kiss Me Goodbye `` .
( This movie was also very good ! )
That 's why I liked it very much , and immediately place an order .

TOEIC Experience
Today 146th TOEIC was taken place and I took it .
Today , the 146th TOEIC took place and I took it .
I marked all answer , but I do n't know what score I will get .
I marked all the answers , but I do n't know what score I will get .
For the preparation , I exercised them and read grammar books , instead of writing journals .
For preparation , I practiced the exam and read grammar books , instead of writing journals .
I 'm not sure I can get some accuracy for grammar and gain my vocabulary through the exercise .
I 'm not sure if I can get gain more accuracy for my grammar and my vocabulary through the exercise .
But I clearly understand I need more speed for reading English .
But I clearly understand that I need to improve my reading speed of English .
When I asked some questions about this test for my English teacher , he answered so fast , so quickly .
When I asked my English teacher questions about the test , he answered so fast , so quickly .
In the exam room , I can see that some test takers were reading books for preparation and strategy .
It was bit strange for me , because these books were written in Japanese and they were reading Japanese more than English .
It was a bit strange for me , because these books were written in Japanese and they were reading Japanese more than English .
Many people say that concentration and speed are needed for this test .
So , why not will they be able to be sucessful by reading Japanese ?
So , how will they be sucessful if they read Japanese ?
I admit thare are many frequent words in this exam and canditates can earn more scores by being knowledgeable for these words .
But newspapers in English have more rich resource of vocabulary .
But newspapers in English have a much richer source of vocabulary .
Therefore , TOEIC is just a turning point .
Therefore , the TOEIC is just a turning point .
From this test experience , I noticed that I can imagine the situation in the questions .
I want to improve this skill as possible as I can !
I want to improve this skill as much as I can !
I 'm tired now , so I 'll comment for my past journals .
I 'm tired now , so I 'll comment on my past journals .
Thank you for correcting my journals , always .
Thank you for correcting my journals .

this is my first diary
Spring is comming !
It 's getting warmer in Japan .
There are many cherry blossoms
There are a lot of cherry blossoms
which is the symbol of spring in Japan .
which symbolize spring time in Japan .
I found this site today ,
and I hope I could write better English .
and I hope I 'll be able to write better English .
I also hope to teach Japanese too .
I hope to teach Japanese too .

Chatting is difficult for people than they think .
Chatting is difficult for people more than what they think .
A book in which tips of chatting is written is selled very much in Japan .
A book in which tips about chatting is written is very much sold in Japan .

Get books
I rarely go to Vancouver , becouse it takes 4 hours from my town .
I rarely go to Vancouver because it takes 4 hours from my town .
So I 'm always bussy for shopping , when I stay in there .
So I 'm always busy shopping when I stay there .
So I 'm always busy shopping , when I go there .
I definitely get a lot of Japanese books in `` Book Off `` .
I definitely get a lot of Japanese books at `` Book Off `` .
It 's a Japanese used books shop .
I can get Japanese books at a cheap price .
I usually bought novels and I like all kinds of it , for example I like mistery , adventure , S .
I usually buy novels and I like all kinds of them For example , I like mystery , adventure , S .
F . , nonfiction , horror . . .
Searching books is really exciting . xD
Searching for books is really exciting . xD
Searching for books is really exciting . xD
I always enjoy looking for it .
I always enjoy looking for them .
I always enjoy looking for them .

Japanese never know Japan
I had many times to loss answer for question from foreigner about Japan .
I am living in Tokyo Japan .
I am living in Tokyo , Japan .
But I do n't watch Japanese Dorama or anime .
But I do n't watch Japanese dramas or anime .
But I do n't watch Japanese Drama or anime .
Similarly I do n't familiar with J Rock .
Similarly , I am not familiar with J Rock .
Talking about music , I rather familiar with Europe and American music .
Talking about music , I 'm more familiar with European and American music .
Talking about music , I am rather familiar with Europe and American music .
Talking with other countries people is equal to studying my own country , is n't it ?

I 'm Happy !
My diary was commented a lot !
Because my diary got a lot of comments !
It is difficult to study English composition at self - education .
It is difficult to study English composition myself / alone .
It is difficult to learn English composition through self - study .
So Lang - 8 is very very great ! ! ! !
So Lang - 8 is great ! ! ! ! Or `` useful ``
So Lang - 8 is really great ! ! ! !
I do my best to study English ! !
I will do my best to study English ! !
I 'll do my best studying English ! !

Last winter holidays
I write the diary in English for the first time .
I write this diary in English for the first time .
I have been studying English since the grade - schooler .
I have been studying English since the elementary school .
However , it is not good at it .
However , it is I was not good at it .
It is the last winter holidays today .
I have finished my homework already .
I think that I worked hard well .
I think that I worked really hard .

Cut my hair
I went for cut my hair to the hair salon yesterday .
I went to the hair salon for a hair cut yesterday .
I went for a haircut at the hair salon yesterday .
I have 3 photos of Ringo Sina , and so I had request to the beauty artist .
I had 3 photos of Ringo Sina , and so I made a request to the beauty artist .
I have 3 photos of Ringo Sina , so I made a request to the beauty artist .
I had three photos of Ringo Shiina , and so I made a request to the stylist .
`` May you cut my hair look like her ? `` .
`` Can you cut my hair to look like her ? `` .
`` Can you cut my hair to look like hers ? `` .
`` Can you cut my hair to look like hers ? `` .
He looked her photos in many times , and he was cutting my hair .
He looked at her photos many times , and then he was cutting my hair .
He looked at her photos many times , and he started cutting my hair .
He looked at her photos many times , and he cut my hair .
His salon is small , but he has good technic .
His salon is small , but he has a good technique .
His salon is small , but he has good technique .
His salon is small , but he has good technique .
And hair cut finished , I saw my hair on the mirror .
And when my hair cut was finished , I looked at my hair in the mirror .
After he finished cutting my hair , I looked at it in the mirror .
When he finished cutting my hair , I saw it in the mirror .
I felt became lightened with my heart and hair .
My heart and my hair felt lighter .

2011 / 7 / 24
Terrorist attacks occurred in Norway .
About 90 people are killed .
About 90 people were killed .
Why he attacked innocent people ?
Why did he attack innocent people ?
I do n't know what he thought .
I do n't know what he was thinking .
Can people have a gun in Norway ?
Can people own a gun in Norway ?
If it were no gun , it would n't be happened terrorist attack .
If there were no guns , there would n't be any terrorist attacks .
I think guns are not necessary .
I think guns are unnecessary .
Thank you .

Against metaboric
In Japan , metaboric is big issue for adulthood .
In Japan , obesity is a big issue for adults .
Of course It 's big issue for me .
Of course , It 's a big issue for me .
Of course it 's a big issue for me .
Usually I go to gym for keeping good shape ,
Usually I go to the gym to keep in good shape ,
Usually I go to gym to keep in shape ,
but my weight still remains to be the same .
but my weight still stays the same .
but my weight still remains the same .
My friend advised me to run , do sit - up and abdominal exercise
My friend told me to run , do sit - ups and abdominal exercises
My friend advised me to run , do sit - ups and abdominal exercises
everyday .
So I started them right now .
So I just now started doing them .
So I started them .
I ' ve been exercising them in three days .
I 've been exercising that way for three days .
I 've been doing them for three days .
By the next summer I ' d like to show my firm muscle .
By next summer , I ' d like to show off my firm muscles .
By the next summer I 'd like to show my firm muscle .

Favorite thing
The correction of the diary is also considerably difficult .
I try to challenge many times .
I tried to challenge many times .
On another note ,
I was making the game and making the web site .
My job is to mak games and web site .
It was work .
Therefore , I like Japanese - manga and video game .
Therefore , I like Japanese - manga and video games .
I like music and go for a walk too .
I like to listen to music and go for a walk too .
I will play a video game on xbox today .
I will play a video game with xbox today .
And , I think that I go for a walk .
And , I am thinking to go for a walk .

Do n't know what to write . . .
I 've just noticed that I have n't written since last year .
I want to write everyday , but sometimes I do n't know what to write , and others , when I start to write I find difficults because I do n't know how to say something and I do n't finish it .
I want to write everyday , but sometimes I do n't know what to write . Other times , when I start to write , I do n't know how to say something and I do n't finish it .
I think I need to study more and to learn more vocabulary .
I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary .
I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary .
I usually watch films and series in english with subtitles .
I usually watch films and series in English with subtitles .
Now I am watching Lost , and I think I could understand the most part without subs .
Now I am watching Lost , and I think I could understand most of it without subs .
Now I am watching the series entitled `` Lost `` and I think I can understand for the most part without the subtitles .
I am tired , so I am going to dinner and watch one Lost episode before go to bed .
I am tired , so I am going to have dinner and watch one Lost episode before I go to bed .
I am tired , so I am going to dinner and then I will watch one episode of `` Lost `` before go to bed .
It is so interesting ! .
And , I have one question , what is it the difference between `` town `` and `` city `` ?
I have one question though , what is it the difference between a `` town `` and a `` city `` ?
I also have one question , what is it the difference between `` town `` and `` city `` ?

I have been out of the loop .
I have been a little busy and I have not written or corrected much lately .
I have been a little busy and I have not written nor corrected much lately .
I have been a little busy and I have neither written nor corrected much lately .
I am having my mid - semester attitude .
I am a little stressed .
It is Sunday night and I do not want the week to begin .

Start Lang - 8
I just started Lang - 8 , So I want to studing English and French .
I 've just started using Lang - 8 . I want to study English and French .
I look forward to experience in Lang - 8 !
I 'm looking forward to experiencing Lang - 8 !

See You Next Year !
See You Next Year !
My Floridian friend returned to his country .
My Floridian friend returned to his country .
I really really miss him .
I really really miss him .
When I look at stuff that he had used in my house , I always remember him .
When I looked at the things that he had used in my house , I remembered him .
There are too many memories in my house .
There are too many memories in my house .
When I see his green sandals that he left in my house , I start to want to cry to remember him .
When I saw his green sandals that he left in my house , I cried and thought about him .
It 's really tough for me to stand crying .
It 's hard on me also .
In two months I had great time with him .
Thanks Zac for the 2 months we had together .
I would love to say him thank you so much from the bottom of my heart .
I would love to tell him : Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart .

My good friends
I have some good friends .
I like share with they my live .
I like sharing my life with them .
Now , I and they by QQ online chat .
Now they chat with me online on QQ .
I hope in Lang - 8 I make more friends .
I hope I make more friends on Lang - 8 .

Thank you for your e - mail .
I sometimes got e - mails from my former colleagues .
Some persons has gone to other section and someone has come to my former section .
Some persons have gone to other section and someone has come to my former section .
I am the one of the person who has gone .
I am the one of the persons who has gone .
However people still in the section are talking about me and send me a e - mail .
However people who are still in the section are talking about me and send me e - mails .
I thank to all of my former colleagues .
I thank my former colleagues .
I was and am now supported by a lot of people .
I was and am supported by a lot of people .

I want to make an animation a few dialogue .
I want to make an animation using very few dialogues .
I want to make animation a few dialogue , because I want to make world - class productions .
I want to make an animation using very few dialogues , because I want to make world - class productions .
I know it 's difficult to do , but I keep trying it .
I know it 's difficult to do , but I will keep trying it .
Someday I will make a loved production ( animation ) in the world like `` Steamboat Willie `` .

Please kill each other as long as you want .
I read an article on a newspaper about the Japanese economy two days ago .
I read an article in a newspaper about the Japanese economy two days ago .
Many Japanese university students protested against the Japanese government and companies .
Now they are feeling that Japanese young people are shut out of high standard jobs .
These students are hunting jobs now .
As you already know , Japan became the super aging society , old people who will retire a few years later are very desperate to protect their positions in their own companies .
As you already know , Japan became the super aging society , and old people who will retire a few years later are very desperate to protect their positions in their own companies .
For old people , young job applicants and workers are just nuisance , because If young workers enter a company , the company may fire old workers who have been taking good payments for a long time .
For old people , young job applicants and workers are just nuisance , because If young workers enter a company , the company may fire old workers who have been taking good pay for a long time .
Old workers are afraid of it .
Older workers are afraid of it .
So sometimes old workers bully young workers until new workers quite .
So sometimes old workers bully young workers until new workers qui .
Old people always dare to give us useless lectures , like `` Contemporary young people do n't make efforts at all `` and `` They want to get only high standard jobs , there are many jobs they can do , even though payments are not good , why are their ideal so high ? `` Maybe they have never read job advertisements at all .
Old people always dare to give us useless lectures , like `` Contemporary young people do n't make efforts at all `` and `` They want to get only high standard jobs , there are many jobs they can do , even though payments are not good , why are their ideal so high ? `` . Maybe they have never read job advertisements at all .
I want to say to them that if old people could sweep the road every day with only 1 . 5k salary without bonus , I could accept these shitty opinions .
But of course none of old workers want to do such a miserable job .
So just shut up stupid old men .
Old people can not make the next times , only young people can do it , and a country whcih ca n't give chances to young people at all will collapse soon .
Please pay attention about the number of Japanese suicides , it will probably be double this year .
Why do not any riots occur in Japan ?
If it were America or Europe , some people would lead riots or bloody revolutions .
Japanese workers are very easy to control , they seldom complain about their working conditions .
They look like dogs .
They do n't have dicks and bowls .
They do n't have dicks and bowls . > > balls ?

`` to win over ``
Hi everyone .
Thank you for your advice for my PC .
Thank you for your advice on my PC .
I have n't investigated my PC closely yet .
I have n't investigated it closely yet .
It ends up on the back - burner .
It has ended up on the back - burner .
( < - - Is this sentence correct ?
I used `` on the back - burner `` for the first time . )
It might be the same as some people postpone going to the hospital when they do n't feel well because of busyness .
It might be the same as when some people postpone going to the hospital when they do n't feel well because of busyness .
On my previous entry , I asked about `` to persuade `` and `` to convince . ``
In my previous entry , I asked about [ the difference between ] `` to persuade `` and `` to convince . ``
Thanks to all of your explanations , I understood well the difference .
Thanks to all of your explanations , I understood the difference well .
Thanks to all of your explanations , I understood the difference .
Then , yesterday , I learned a new idiom , `` to win over . ``
I think it is very similar to `` to persuade `` or `` to convince . ``
So I 'd like to confirm whether my understanding is correct or not .
I used the same example sentences as ones on the previous entry , and replaced `` persuade / convince `` with `` win over . ``
1 ) There 's no upside to it .
So we need to win our boss over in another way .
So we need to win our boss over another way .
2 ) If we can win the customer over to order more , we can offer a larger discount .
3 ) - A .
Unless you can win me over that it 's a bad idea , I 'm going to approve the purchase .
3 ) - B .
Unless you can win me over to believe that it 's a bad idea , I 'm going to approve the purchase .
Do these make sense ?

English lesson !
I will take an English lesson at Turry 's coffee , today .
I will take an English lesson at Turry 's coffee shop today .
It is 2 times .
It is the second time .
I do n't use text book and dictionary .
I do n't use any text book or dictionary .
We talk about anything topics .
We talk about anyth topics .
I found the teacher from website that is `` my sensei .
I found the teacher on a website called `` my sensei .
My teacher is lady , she is 28 years old .
My teacher is a 28 year old woman .
My teacher is a 28 - year - old lady .
She is nice for me .
She is nice to me .
But , its cost is 4800 per 1 hour .
But , it costs 4800 per hour .
However , it costs 4800 per hour .
Is it expensive ? ?
Wow , I have to draw money from a bank ! ! ! !
Wow , I have to draw money from bank ! ! ! !
I gon na go !
I got ta go !
Ego and other person
Ego and Other People
I have a German colleague .
I am still studying English , so it is difficult for me to chat with him .
I talked to him only when he seemed to look for something or to be embarrassed because he did not know how to use a machine .
I thought that we should be kind to him , because he was a newcomer .
I said to him `` can I help you ? `` or `` what are you looking for ? ``
I said to him , `` Can I help you ? `` or `` What are you looking for ? ``
I know where all the material are and how to use all the machine .
At welcome party , he said to me that he was surprised to be given a hand by me .
At the welcome party , he told me that he was surprised that I gave him a hand .
I am not sure that I completely understood what he told to , but I would like to summarized what he said .
I am not sure that I completely understood what he told me , but I would like to summarize what he said .
They value the autonomy .
They value autonomy .
They do not give a hand to other person without one 's demand .
They do not give a hand to another person without being asked .
They help one pleasantly when he asks for help .
They think that he does not need to help when he says anything .
They think that he does not need help if he does n't say anything .
I was surprised to hear that .
`` We have to guess and to do what they want to do . ``
`` We have to be kind to embarrassed person . ``
These are common thinking in Japan .
These are common ways of thinking in Japan .
I took care of him with a Japanese way .
I tried to help him in the Japanese way .
That was a culture shock .
This was culture shock for me .
It is very difficult to communicate with aliens .
It is very difficult to respect one 's way .
Thank you .

Breakthrough
It has been a long time since I became uncertain of the orchestra conducting , but today I learned something .
It has been a while already since I became uncertain of orchestra conducting , but today I learned something .
Something very important .
Maybe it can be a breakthrough .
Maybe it will be a breakthrough .
Tangled thread in my head may be unraveled .
A tangled thread in my head may be unraveled .
I found I was excited in the train back to Tokyo .
I found myself feeling excited in the train back to Tokyo .
Whether I can get hold of it or not depends on how I spend everyday .
Whether I can get hold of it or not depends on how I spend everyday .

Home coming
I went to my parents ' house with my family today .
When I woke up , I completely feel good .
When I woke up , I felt extremely good .
I think it 's because of going to bed early .
I think it 's because I went to bed early .
Therefore I did n't need to cancel the trip .
We went there for helping my parents ' work .
We went there to help my parents ' work .
We went there to help with my parents ' work .
Today was the last day of making green tea .
It was a little bit hard work though , we enjoyed helping them out .
Though it was a little bit hard work , we enjoyed helping them out .
Though it was a little bit of hard work , we enjoyed helping them out .
I guess I can sleep tight tonight and feel better and better tomorrow .
I guess I can sleep tight tonight and feel much better tomorrow .

Blood donation
Yesterday I donated my blood , hoping my bloodcan save someone 's life , for the first year in 2011 .
Yesterday , I donated my blood , hoping it could save someone 's life , for the first time in the year 2011 .
Japanese Constitution allow anyone whose ageis over16 to donate blood of 200cc .
The Japanese Constitution allows anyone whose age is over 16 to donate200cc of blood .

I will give surprise to her at the Christmas .
I will give her a surprise at Christmas .

a dream of red mansion
last night our teacher talked about the dream of red mansition with us .
Last night our teacher talked about the Dream of Red Mansion with us .
this novel was one of the most famous novels written by Cao XueQin who lived in Qin Dynasty .
This novel was one of the most famous novels written by Cao XueQin who lived in Qin Dynasty .
The novel is very similar to his life .
this novel now has several versions .
This novel now has several versions .
but I think the first version is the most popular .
However , I think that the first version is the most popular .
recenty , another director make another version .
Recently , another director made another version .
This one like a nightmare .
This one is like a nightmare .
This one was a nightmare .
make up and music are very horrible like a ghost film .
The make up and music was very horrible like a ghost film .
the actor and actree are very young so they do n't know how to perform this tv show .
The actors and actresses are very young so they do n't know how to perform this tv show .
the dialogue almost repeat from the novel .
The dialogue is almost repeated exactly from the novel .
there are many voiceover throughtout the tv show .
There are many voice overs through out the tv show .

Two things at the same time
I 'm not good at doing two things at the same time .
I need to prepare the exam related to my work which I 'm going to take next week .
I need to prepare for an exam related to my work which I 'm going to take next week .
I also want to take more time for learning English , but I ca n't manage to do both of them .
I also want to make more time for learning English , but I ca n't manage to do both of them .
I wish I could be a little better to do multiple tasks .
I wish I could be a little better at multi - tasking .

Graduation .
driving schools graduated last week .
I graduated from driving school last week .
I want to take a licens soon !
I want to get my license soon !
my mom 's comic dream
I m interested in japan and korean culture .
I 'm interested in japanese and korean culture .
so , I m struggle with learning this languages .
I love animes and mangas .
I love anime and manga .
nowadays , I m watching korean dramas . I think it s sensetive which has good moral . korean directors has own style . they are succeed that glued me to screen . : ) )
in Turkey , some k - dramas broadcast on tv . my mom addicted to `` wind of the palace `` . while I m studying , she distracts me and wants to watch next part of it . : ) ) ( because she is curious and have to wait until next week for the next part )
and she has interesting and comic dreams about me . I dont know why me , why not my bro . : (
in her dream , I m married to an asian man . we have children who are cute , adorable and have slanty eyes . they teach her using chopsticks . . . she laughed me a lot .
I just said `` God knows `` .

Should Japan focus more on relations with other Asian nations ?
I think Japan should focus more on relations with other nations because there are several reasons why I think so .
I think Japan should focus more on relations with other nations for several reasons .
Firstly , Japan should have a good relationship with China and Korea because their economies are also getting bigger and Japan should export more products , such as automobiles and electrical products .
So , economy in Asia will get bigger .
Secondly , in Asian nations , Japan is the only advanced nation so Japan should show other nations about how to deal with internationa relations with European nations and the United States .
Secondly , among Asian nations , Japan is the only advanced nation , so Japan should show other nations how to deal with international relations with European nations and the United States .
Japan has a lot of experience dealing with European nations and North America because Japan has been the member of the United Nations and Japan is an advanced nation .
Japanese people have been working hard and politicians and diplomats have been making good relations with United Stated and European nations .
Japanese people are hard - working and our politicians and diplomats have had good relations with the United Stated and European nations .
In conclusion , I talked about two things in the speech .
One was Japan should focus more on relations with other Asian nations because Japan should take a role as a leading nation in Asian countires .
One was that Japan should focus more on relations with other Asian nations because Japan should take a role as a leading nation among Asian countries .
The other reason was Japan knows a lot about relations with European nations and America so we should use the advantage to communicate and have a good relation with other nations .
The other reason was that Japan knows a lot about relations with European nations and America , so we should use the advantage to communicate and have a good relationship with other nations .

I Cleaned Up My Desk in the Office .
My desk in the office is usually much neater than most of my colleagues .
My desk in my office is usually much neater than most of my colleagues ' desks .
However a lot of hardcopy documents have been piled up on my desk and the drawer has been full of them recently .
However a lot of ( hardcopy ) documents have been piling up on my desk and the drawer is / has become full of them recently .
It has made me take a lot of time to look for documents and it has also reduced my working productivity in these days .
As you may know , this kind of things often gives us a lot of stress .
I decided to take some time and to check the documents whether they were really necessary for me or not .
I decided to take some time to check whether the documents were really necessary for me or not .
I have a lot of e - files and they can be substitute to the hardcopy documents , so I had expected that I could reduce them to one third of the previous quantity .
I cleaned up my desk thoroughly .
To my surprise , the result was that I could reduce them to one fifth .
To my surprise , the result was that I could reduce the pile to one fifth its original amount .
I was satisfied with the result very much .
I think this will give me a lot of positive effect for not only my working productivity but also my working motivation .
If you have some trouble in your work , I recommend that you should clean your desk .
If you have some trouble in your work [ at your job ] , I recommend that you clean your desk .

Please teach me an English study method .
I do not understand how to remember English .
I do not know how to memorize English .
First of all , I want to speak an easy daily conversation .
. Firstly , I want to learn basic conversational English .
From what should I start studying ?
How should I start studying ?
Please teach your recommendation .

Cafe time under the Cherry Blossoms
I went to Cherry Blossoms with my wife last sunday .
I went to view cherry blossoms with my wife last Sunday .
We bought the coffee and the cake .
We bought some coffee and cake .
We enjoy eating cake and coffee under the Cherry Blossoms at the river side .
We enjoyed eating cake and drinking coffee under the Cherry Blossoms beside the river side .
Everyone enjoy cooking BBQ and palying lite sports .
Everyone enjoyed cooking BBQ and playing light sports .
I had relax time .
I had a relaxing time .

The vernal sighs
The vernal sighs
make various sounds
and break through
the quiet of the evening
day by day
came the branch
came to the branch
and gave a cry ,
it rang out
with the flap of wings
After passing through
the eaves
a pair of white - eye
go flying high
up in the sky
of Daurian Redstart
a sign of spring
Today . . .
Today is holiday and It 's a nice weather .
Today it is a holiday and the weather 's nice .
Yeah ~ ! !
If I have palans , I think I go to somewhere . but . . . . . ! !
If I had plans , I think I would go to somewhere , but . . . . . ! !
I did n't have plans today . so , I woke up at 11 : 00 . and then I ate lunch and watched DVD and played ukulele .
I did n't have plans today . so , I woke up at 11 : 00 . then I ate lunch , watched a DVD and played ukulele .
I stayed at home all day . hahaha . . .
I spent a relaxed holiday .
If It 's nice day tomorrow , I will go to somewhere !
If it 's a nice day tomorrow , I will go ( out ) somewhere !
maybe . . .

What a bother .
What a bother !
I 'm on winter vacation , but I have a class in the morning tomorrow .
It 's a bother .
That remains me , I have to finish my homework by the day after next .
That remains me , I have to finish my homework by the day after tomorrow .
After that , all that remains is some homework to be finished by the day after next .

Which is right ?
Which is right ?
Please teach this reason in detail .
Could you please teach me the reason in detail .
A ) I took my birthday present from the box .
B ) I took my birthday present out of the box .

The importance to keep going
I found that I 've been written my journal in English around for 70 days .
I found that I 've been writing my journal in English for around 70 days .
I found that I 've been written my journal in English for around 70 days .
The end of last year I decided to keep a diary in English .
I want to express my idea or my feeling in English more and more .
I want to express my ideas or my feelings in English more and more .
I want to express my ideas or my feelings in English more and more .
I think keeping a diary is one of the best ways to master English .
Therefore , I keep writing every day .
I realize that my English tends to change little by little .
Before writing a journal , I did n't pay attention nouns .
Before writing a journal , I did n't pay attention to nouns .
Before writing a journal , I did n't pay attention to nouns .
Though there are two kinds of nouns ( one is countable noun , the other is uncountable noun ) in English , we do n't have such ideas in Japanese .
Though there are two kinds of nouns ( one is a countable noun , the other is an uncountable noun ) in English , we do n't have such ideas in Japanese .
Therefore , I can hardly use nouns in my English conversation .
I especially do n't understand about abstract nouns .
I especially do n't understand abstract nouns .
I think most abstract nouns are uncountable nouns , but there are some countable nouns in abstract nouns .
I 'm sometimes confused about them .
On the other hand , I tend to think how I express Japanese phrase in English every day .
On the other hand , I tend to think how I express Japanese phrases in English every day .
On the other hand , I tend to think how I express Japanese phrases in English every day .
For example , while I talk with my friend , I think how I express this feeling in English .
For example , while I talk with my friend , I think of how I can express this feeling in English .
Then , when I talk with my English teacher , I often replied with two or three words before , but I tent to be able to reply completely sentence which I made , even though my completely sentences are wrong most of cases .
Then , when I talk with my English teacher , I often replied with two or three words before , but I tend to be able to reply with complete sentences which I made , even though my completesentences are wrong in most cases .
Then , when I talked with my English teacher , I often replied with two or three words before , but now I am usually able to reply with a complete sentence which I made , even though my complete sentences are wrong in most cases .
However , if I keep practicing these things , I will be able to master English someday .
However , if I keep practicing these things , I will be able to master English someday .
Therefore , I think keeping a diary is one of the best way indeed
Therefore , I think keeping a diary is one of the best ways indeed .
Therefore , I think keeping a diary is one of the best ways indeed .

Born to Run written by Christopher McDougall
I keep on jogging of an hour almost every night for three months .
I have been jogging for an hour almost every night for three months .
A book titled
' Born to Run ' triggered my habit of jogging .
If you read this book , you will certainly want to jog .
Though Christopher recommended running using low - cushion shoes in this book , I think there is a risk to hurt a foot for beginners .
Though McDougall recommended running using low - cushion shoes in this book , I think there is a risk for beginners to hurt their foot .
Actually , I hurt my feet using Vibram FiveFingers .
Actually , I hurt my feet using Vibram FiveFingers shoes .
It 's important to develop the muscles of the lower body at first .
So , although I do n't know I can run the whole distance , I decided to try a full marathon in April and ultramarathon in June .
So , although I do n't know if I can run the whole distance , I decided to try a full marathon in April and an ultramarathon in June .
I 'm looking forward to it .

Tree - planting ceremony
The tree - planting ceremony was held near my place .
The tree - planting ceremony was held near where I live .
It was a very big ceremony there .
It was a very big ceremony there ,
It was because the Emperor and Empress came to plant trees by themselves .
because the Emperor and Empress came to plant trees by themselves .
There are many roads had been repaired , re - paved or newly made around and towards the park where the ceremony was held for the ceremony in advance .
There are many roads that had been repaired , re - paved or newly made around and towards the park where the ceremony was held , to prepare for the ceremony .
There were many roads that had been repaired , re - paved or newly made in advance around and on the way to the park where the ceremony was held .
Of course the ceremony site was newly built , too .
The Emperor and Empress sowed some seeds and planted by hand some seedlings of trees including pollen - less cedars .
The Emperor and Empress planted seeds and various kinds of tree saplings , including pollen - less cedars .
It was pity that it rained all the time during the ceremony , but many other attractions were there , that was some dances , reading some essays , etc .
It was pity that it rained all the time during the ceremony , but many other attractions were there , like some dances , reading some essays , etc .
It was a pity that it rained the entire time the ceremony was being held , but there were many other attractions such as dances , essay reading , etc .
We wish the trees will grow up healthily and we will could keep the beautiful mountain and nature .
We wish the trees will grow up healthily , and that we will keep the mountains and nature beautiful .

OKONOMIYAKI party * *
This is my first diary .
This is my first diary .
I got together with my friends to have OKONOMIYAKI party today .
I got together with my friends to have an OKONOMIYAKI party today .
Okonomiyaki , which looks like a pancake , is a kind of local food in Japan .
Okonomiyaki , which looks like a pancake , is a kind of local food in Japan .
We enjoyed eating them with talking .
We enjoyed eating them and talking .
In adition , we watched JUDO game in olympic .
In addition , we watched JUDO in the olympics .
It was pity that Japanese player could n't win a first praise .
It was pity that the Japanese player could n't win a first prize .

The highest value of the yen .
Each country 's national debt breeds distrust of world economy after the crisis in Greek .
Each country 's national debt breeds distrust of the world economy after the crisis in Greece .
After Lehman 's fall , the global depression has necessitates fiscal action , so it seems to be natural that the debts are growing large .
After Lehman 's fall , the global depression has necessitated fiscal action , so it seems natural that the debts are growing large .
In Japan , the economic condition was not good before the Lehman 's fall , the debts have already been large , so the impact was relatively small .
In addition , Japan keeps current - account surplus , so Japan might be considered to be relatively stable .
In addition , Japan keeps current - account surplus , so Japan might be considered to be relatively stable .
Without good prospect for rapid improvement of each country 's current account , the crisis of default seems to get more serious , and I think the crucial period is yet to come .
Without good prospect for rapid improvement of each country 's current account , the crisis / threat ? of default seems to get more serious , and I think the crucial period is yet to come .

It 's first time
I loged in this site Lang - 8 first time .
I logged into this site Lang - 8 for the first time .
Because English tutor gave me this URL .
Because my English tutor gave me this URL .
I will try write my diary in English from today . . . !
I will try to write my diary in English starting from today . . . !

a psychological test
`` You will go far a place where you do n't know where is nor how long is for .
`` You will go to a far place You do n't know where it is nor how far .
You can take five animals to there .
You can take five animals there .
but you ca n't take all animals all the way .
But you ca n't take all the animals all the way .
You have to leave a animal on the way .
You have to leave an animal on the way .
When you go a short , you 'll have to leave a animal again .
When you go a short distance , you 'll have to leave an animal again .
2nd animal , 3rd animal , 4th animal . . .
Question :
What animal will you leave 1st ?
Which animal will you leave 1st ?
And why did you decide so ?
What about 2nd , 3rd , 4th ?
What about the 2nd , 3rd , 4th ?
Do you have any reasons ?
What about last one ?
What about the last one ?
Why did you think so ?
Thinking Time . . . .
Did you decided ?
Have you decided ?
Alright .
Let 's see the answer .
The far place means your life .
The `` far place `` is your life 's journey .
Each animal have a mean in the following .
Each animal has a meaning as follows .
a lion . . . pride
a monkey . . . child
a cow . . . money
a sheep . . . love
a horse . . . work
What animal did you leave 1st ?
Which animal did you leave 1st ?
What animal was last ?
Which animal was last ?
Please think about your decisions with your reasons .
Please think about your decisions and your reasons .
# This is the test I 've heard today .
# This is the test I heard today .
I hope you can get through , although my English is poor . . .
I hope you can get understand , even though my English is poor . . .

I here recently and consequently do not know many English words .
I have come here recently and consequently do not know many English words .
So do not judge too strictly .

Straighten my teeth
I went a dentist to straighten my teeth .
The dentist attached me metal fittings .
The dentist attached metal fittings to my teeth .
He said I will have a teeth ache a few hours later , and I ca n't eat breakfast next morning because of a pain .
He said my teeth will ache a few hours later , and I ca n't eat breakfast the next morning because of the pain .
What is a saddest thing for me is not being able to eat rice cakes .
What is a saddest thing for me is that I will not be able to eat rice cakes .
I stand it for two years !
I had stand it for two years already !

Today is cloudy .
Good morning .
I 'm sleepy in it also this morning .
I 'm sleepy this morning .
It rains from the weather of recent Japan of saying , `` Guerrilla downpour `` .
It 's raining . The weather reports are calling for a `` Guerrilla downpour `` .
It 's very scary .

movie and futsal
I played futsal with my coworkers yesterday .
We usually play it once a month .
There is a futsal coat in front of our office .
We held a dinner after that .
We had a dinner after that .
I enjoyed it but my body pains me now !
I enjoyed it but my body hurts now .
And , I watched a movie with my mother .
The movie was `` Hanamizuki . ``
It is one of flower name called `` a dogwood `` in English .
It was touching .

Want To Be Free From A Test
These days , I 've been tied up with preparation for an exam about logistics .
I will be taking this exam in 23 days , and I found it totally a brain - burster .
I was shorked with how many detailes I have to understand and memorize .
I was shocked by how many things I have to know .
Maybe I got the premonition that I could pass or failed this exam by a very small margin .
I have ( get ) the feeling ( that ) I 'll either pass or fai this exam by a very slim margin .
If I have time to complain about how difficult this is , I 'd better to spend the time reading one more page .
If I can find time to complain about how difficult this is , surely I can find the time to study just one more page .
I really want to be free from this test and write essays as much as I want .

The 2nd day
It 's so busy a day .
It 's such a busy day .
I rarely have time to write something .
I rarely have time to write anything .
Winter is coming .

Respected for senior citizens day
Respect for senior citizens day
Today is national holiday , Respected for senior citizens day .
Today is a national holiday , `` respect for senior citizens `` day .
Before legal changes , the day was on the 15th of September .
Before legal changes , this day was on the 15th of September .
After legal changes , we have three - day weekend .
Now , we have a three - day weekend .
After legal changes , we have three - day holiday .
We call this `` Happy Monday `` .
We call this day `` Happy Monday `` .

My summervacation finish . . . .
My summer vacation has finished . . . .
no , my summer finish today .
no wait , my summer vacation finishes today .
The summer finish , next seasun is fall .
now summer is gone , the next season is fall .
What do you recall When you hear fall ?
What do you think of when you hear the season of fall ?
I recall food and books ^ ^ *
I recall good food and books ^ ^ *
I love eating derisiouce food and reading some interest books !
I love eating delicious food and reading interesting books !
And . . . . .
I recall sport . . . .
I think about sport . . . .
I dislike sports , because I can ` t do any sports well .
I dislike sports , because I am not very good at them .
Yes . . .
I ` m poor sportsability .

Single malt wisky
I like to drink whisky .
I bought a single malt whisky today .
That 's name is GLENMORANGIE .
This whisky is made in Scotland .
Now I am drinking it .
It is good taste .
It is good taste . It taste good .
I feel so flavor and peat , feeling so good .
But , I am feeling just a little sleepiness .
But , I am feeling just a little . sleepy
When I finish writing in my diary , I 'll go to bed .
Good night !

Newspaper
These days , I read some sports news on the internet .
These days , I often read sports news on the internet .
The newspaper is dailymail .
The newspaper is called dailymail .
I like soccer ( football ? ) !
It is a very good study method for me to read sports news in English .
But , there is a sad matter .
Few Japanese soccer player is in the England soccer team .
There are few Japanese soccer players on the England soccer team .

I woke up at 8 AM today .
I spend a day studying English recently so I need move my body .
I spent the day studying English so I needed to move my body .
Having finished reading aloud training , I took a walk this morning .
Having finished reading aloud while training , I took a walk .
The goal for Walking in Japan is 9200 steps for men and 8300 steps for women .
The goal for Walking in Japan is 9200 steps for men and 8300 steps for women .
I do n't know how many steps I took today
I do n't know how many steps I took today
but my grandmother takes about 2000 steps in 20 minutes walks
but my grandmother takes about 2000 steps in 20 minute walks
and I walked for about an hour .
I think I took not less than 6000 steps only this walks .
I think I took not less than 6000 steps .
Adding 3200 steps can be reached that goal .
Adding 3200 steps can make me reach that goal .
I 'll do walking every day from today
I 'll dosome walking every day from today on
and I want to be healthy .
Thank you .

Hello , everyone .
My name is Uni .
I 'm going to write this diary to brush up my English .
Here , today 's diary .
Here , is today 's diary .
My son has a hamster and its birthday is in August .
So he will buy a stone plate for its birthday present .
The plate is to prevent heat during summer .
The plate is to prevent overheating during the summer .
Thank you .

suck day again
I 've done nothing today .
It was so nice that I received a message from warmhearted friends at lang - 8 .
Really thanks them .
I am really grateful to them .
Before I never notice my spell mistake , but they help me to correct them really moved .
I was plan to study english after work , but a friend asked me to help , It took me 1 hour .
I was planning to study English after work , but a friend asked me for my help , which took an hour .
After that , I just talked with some friends , waste of time again , oops !
After that , I just talked with some friends , another waste of time , oops !
It should n't like that , I must be hard .
From the radio , I learned a word `` in vain . `` lol , hmm , I saw many people like using it .
I learned the expression , `` in vain `` from the radio . lol , hmm , I noticed ( or / see ) many people like using it .
I told a friend to come here for learning english , She is hungary girl , I met her in the last year at red universe ( ff0000 . com ) which is a flash website that people can talk at it .
I told a friend to come here to learn English . She is hungarian . I met her last year at red universe ( ff0000 . com ) , which is a flash website where people can talk ( to eachother ) .
It is a very funny place , I knew many friends at it , wish you guys like it .
It is a very funny place , and I have met many friends there , wish you guys would like it .
I like photograph , At one time I quited and went to another city for my dream .
But I lost , I worked as a assistant of cameraman , The boss plan to rent a basement about 1000 square meter .
But I lost my job . I had worked as an assistant to a cameraman . The boss had planned to rent a basement of about 1000 square meters .
When the boss was about to pay for the rent , And the landlord take it back .
When he was about to pay for the rent , the landlord took it back .
So , I became a excresent persone , then I left .
So , I became the excess person , and left .
I went back shanghai .
I went back shanghai .
I have a steady job present .
I have a steady job at present .
Day just gone like water
The day has just gone like water .
A friend told me she wants to go abroad for studying .
A friend told me she wants to go abroad to study .
She do n't like the life unchanged everyday .
She does n't like an unchanging everyday existence .
I want to do that too , alright , I have two plans .
I want to do that too , alright now I have two plans .
haha , whatever , I always plan , but never do it .
ok , I should be shutup and just do it .
I download some songs of the white brich .
I downloaded some white brich songs .
I like this one : the storm broken tree .
I got ta sleep now .
Job interview ?
Recently , I have received a job interview for three companies but I think I 'm not ready to work so much .
Actually , I just went over the last job as well as I want to rest .
So I decided not to go to the interview today and I will be ready in June .

love this kind of weather
I love this kind of weather
These days the weather become cooler than before .
These days the weather has become cooler than before .
The reason is the North is having a cold atmosphere ( so we , people who live in the South can feel some cold from the North - do n't know how to write this sentence ) and one more thing is it 's the end of November , it 's nearly Christmas .
The reason is because it 's cold in the North ( so we , people who live in the South , can feel the cold from there - I do n't know how to write this sentence ) and it 's also the end of November , so it 's nearly Christmas .
I love this kind of weather very much .
If I do n't have to go to work I 'm sure now sitting in a coffee shop , drinking my favourite coffee and chatting with my friends .
If I did n't have to go to work I 'm sure I would be sitting in a coffee shop , drinking my favourite coffee and chatting with my friends now .
I want to come back times when I were still a student , I can stay in bed longer when it 's cold or can go out with my friends in a beautiful day like this .
I want to go back to the times when I was still a student and I could stay in bed longer when it was cold or could go out with my friends on a beautiful day like this .
I miss these days .
I miss those days .
Because it 's cold so when going out I have to wear a thin coat ( I usually just wear it when it 's hot ) , ah I should buy another new coat .
Because it 's cold I have to wear a thin coat when I go out ( I usually just wear it when it 's hot ) , ah I should buy a new coat .

In the evening ) )
Relax ! = ) I just have come home . . .
Time to relax ! = ) I just arrived home . . .
I am keen on ball dances .
It has been hot today . . .
I want to go to the seaside .
I must do my English homework , because I will go to my English teacher on Friday . . . ) ) I am going to go for a walk with my friends now ) Everybody good night ! ) )
I must do my English homework , because I will go to my English teacher on Friday . I am going to go for a walk with my friends now . Everybody good night !
I must do my English homework , because I will meet with my English teacher on Friday . . . I am going to go for a walk with my friends now . Goodnight everybody ! )

I study for an entrance exam on the next Friday now .
I 'm studying for an entrance exam that 's on next Friday .
After I enter in college , I want to study English more .
After I enter college , I want to study English more .
Please correct in writing .
Please correct my writing .
Parents shouldnt be seen their bad habits or behaviors by their children .
Parents should n't show their bad habits or behaviors in front of their children .
This is because children tend to imitate quikly what is occured in front of them .
This is because children tend to quickly imitate what occurs in front of them .
If a parent littered , their child would think simply that it isnt worse and rapidly he or she would imitate the bad behavior .
If a parent littered , their child would simply think that it is n't wrong , and he or she would rapidly imitate this bad behavior .
this is bad .
This is bad .
Besides , once children fall into a bad habit it is difficult to get out of it .
Furthermore , once children fall into a bad habit , it is difficult for them to change .

Today , I went to automobile school .
Today I went to driving school , because . . . .
because I want car licence card .
driving school , because I want a driving licence .
Today I did practical skill test and I was success .
Today I did the practical skill test and passed .
Then I am happy .
I want car licence card fast .
I want a driving licence as soon as possible .

step by step
Today I changed display with my girl friend 's faces and my mom saw it .
Today I changed display to show photos of my girl friend 's and my mom saw it .
She was just surprised because my girl friend is prettier than her expectation .
She was just surprised because my girl friend is prettier than she expected .
So she doublechecked she is my girlfriend and said she 's too pretty for her sun .
Well indeed I thought I 'm also as pretty as her . . . , just decided to let it go .
Well indeed I thought I 'm just as good - looking as she is . . . , just decided to let it go .
Btw from yesterday , I 'm doing what I can for her in here .
By the way , starting yesterday , I 'm doing what I can for her here .
writing diary at here and sending voice mail to her email are the way I found .
My ideas are to write a diary here and to send voice mail to her by email .
Beside I figured two more things out .
In fact , I 'm not sure how long I can continue these since I 'm very lazy person and easily get tired but I 'll try .
In fact , I 'm not sure how long I can continue this since I 'm very lazy person and easily get tired but I 'll try .
Because I love her .

I went meyoung - dong to buy shopping with my friends .
So I bought one skirt , T - shirt , and knit .
I bought a skirt , a T - shirt , and a knit .
I want to buy backpack , and shoes .
I wanted to buy a backpac and shoes .
But I ca n't found one which I loved .
But I could n't find one which I loved .
However I do n't regret .
Today is so funny day !
Today was so nice day !

Japan tsunami > , <
Pray for Japan .
There 's a 8 . 9 magnitude earthquake hit Japan and followed by a tsunami .
An 8 . 9 magnitude earthquake hit Japan followed by a tsunami .
I just saw a lot of Facebook friends are keep sharing the video that Japan tsunami .
I just saw a lot of Facebook friends who keep sharing the video of that Japan tsunami .
Hope they all will be fine and safe .
Hope they will be fine and safe .
Caution for neighbouring country .
Caution for neighbouring countries .
The tsunami would be reach you there .
The tsunami might reach you .
Be careful .

I went to home town
I went to my home town
I went to home town in summer vacation .
I was going to return by Shinkansen Express .
But my friend in Aichi came to Fukuoka .
But my friend from Aichi came to Fukuoka .
I guided Fukuoka and have sended to home .
I guided them around Fukuoka and now have sent them home .

Lunar calendar in July is coming .
July is terrible to China .
July is terrible to the Chinese .
July is terrible in China .
The month has a lot of ghosts .
There are a lot of ghosts .
People will worship ghosts .
People will worship ghosts . ( Really ? )
The Chinese worship ghosts .
But lunar calendar in July is happy to Buddhism .
But the lunar calendar in July is important to Buddhism .
But the lunar calendar in July is a happy time in Buddhism .
I 'm happy and worry .
I 'm both happy and worried .
I 'm happy because have a lot of foods .
I 'm happy because I ( ? ) have a lot of food .
I 'm happy because I will have a lot of food .
Worry . . . . .
I am worried . . .
because I am terrible ghosts .
because I am afraid of ghosts .
. . . because I am afraid of ghosts .
END ~ ~ Thanks

Hi , I went to shopping at Shibuya .
Hi , I went shopping at Shibuya .
I bought some closes and shoes .
I bought some clothes and shoes .
That 's my own birthday present .
I wonder what I will do next year .

Nice to meet you .
Good morning !
I 'm Alwaca .
I 'm learning English now .
In May , I will go to China as school travel .
In May , I will go to China for school travel .
In May , I will be going to China with my school .
There is the plan that we communicate with people there in English .
We plan to communicate with people there in English .
We plan to communicate with the people there in English .
I want to speak English well .
I will do the best !
I will do my best !

hi , it 's very nice here today .
Hi , it 's very nice here today .
I took a walk with my dog around here .
I took a walk with my dog around the area .
This is picture of walking .
This is picture of us walking together .
He is traditional Japanese dog , Shiba - inu .
He is a traditional Japanese dog , a Shiba - inu .
Shiba is most popular dog in Japan , and I hear it 's getteing popular in US and other country ,
Shiba is the most popular breed of dog in Japan , and I hear it 's getting popular in the US and in other countries as well .
But most common color in Shiba is brown , so my dog 's color ca n't beseen . .
But the most common color for Shiba is brown , so my dog 's color ca n't be seen clearly . . .
I 'll tell about him in detail next time .
I 'll talk about him in detail next time .
Thank you !

I 've just set up FIREFOX instead of IE .
Through this settings , I 'll be able to use lang - 8 comfortably on this PC in my parent 's house .

prepariing studying abroad
Preparing to study abroad
A Big new in my life is coming soon .
A big change in my life is coming soon .
Tomorrow , I go Canada to study for 8 months .
Tomorrow , I will go Canada to study for 8 months .
Then , I am preparing my things such as clothings .
But , this is my first time going abroad and I do n't know what things I have to take and I donot have to take .
Therefore I consider not to regrecting , taking all things I think I need .
When I try to put my all things in suitcase , cant put them all .
I must select what I leave in my home .
I must select what I leave at home .
If possible , plesase tell me any advices because I cant decide how to select due to poor info .
If possible , please give me any advice because I ca n't decide how to select due to insufficient info ( rmation ) .

I 'm fed up with it .
I am beaten , because I have been caught up in some trouble of my job recently .
I `` m beat , because I have been caught up in some problems at work recently .
I am beaten , because I have been caught up in some trouble at work recently .
On such days , I should read some funny comics or something befor going to bed , and think about those plblems tomorrow .
On days like this , I should read some funny comics or something before going to bed , and think about those problems tomorrow .
On such days , I should read some funny comics or something , go to bed , and think about those problems tomorrow .
I 'll probably be able to come out with them somehow .
I 'll probably be able to work it all out somehow .
( I hope ! )

091012 ( E )
The chlorophy of my heart . . .
The chlorophyll of my heart . . .
It means that is a precious human for me .
It means that is a precious person for me .
In case of plants , the chlorophy is very important to grow .
In case of plants , the chlorophyll is very important for the plants ' growth .
In a word , the chlorophy must be absolutely needed by plants .
In a nutshell , the chlorophyll is absolutely needed by plants .
I want to find a woman who is like the chlorophy .
I want to find a woman who is like the chlorophyll .
Exactly she will make me so happy , and I will also make it .
She will make me so happy , and I will also make her happy .
As the each people , whoever maybe have the existence such like the chlorophy .
Whoever that person maybe , to have the existence such like the chlorophyll . . .
Of course , I do not have it yet .
Of course , I do not know that person yet .
I do not know why but it is the truth .
I am not nervous but I feel a little bit lonely . . .
Anyway I go to bed for a tomorrow ! ! !
Anyway I 'm going to bed ! ! !

About Me : )
My name is lov .
My name is Lov .
I 'm Japanese and I 'm studying English .
Still I ca n't write English very well , so if you have a free time , please teach me my mistake in my diary .
I still ca n't write English very well , so if you have some free time , please teach me my mistakes in my diary .
If necessary , I can correct your Japanese : - >

The Relation between Water and Hydrogen
The words ' water ' , ' wet ' , and ' winter ' are very similar . ' Wet ' means the condition that something contains water . ' Winter ' is the season in which water falls in the form of snow .
The stem ' und ' is the origin of water .
Undine is the spirit of water . ' Abundant ' means plenty ( of water ) .
' Inundate ' is the water attack .
' Inundate ' is to be attacked by water ( or flooded ) .
' Inundate ' is to be overwhelmed by water .
The movement of water is ' undulate ' , which changes to the word ' hydrogen ' with the insertion of the sound ' h ' .

Heaven , Earth and People ( October 17 , 2008 )
Just ten years ago in 1998 , it was amid the years called later `` Lost Ten Years `` .
Just ten years ago in 1998 , we were amidst the years called later `` Lost Ten Years `` .
It was just ten years ago , in 1998 , during the years later called the `` Ten Lost Years `` .
In the summer of the year , prime minister Keizo Obuchi , who had just inaugurated , performed in front of a fruit and vegetable store .
In the summer of the year , prime minister Keizo Obuchi , who had just been inaugurated , performed in front of a fruit and vegetable store .
In the summer of that year , prime minister Keizo Obuchi , who had just been inaugurated , performed in front of a fruit and vegetable store .
I think many can remember that .
I think many remember that .
He shouted `` Stocks ( ' kabu ' in Japanese ) , go up !
Stocks , go up ! `` holding turnips ( also ' kabu ' in Japanese ) up in his hands .
The chain reaction of falling stock prices raided again at the world market , while we thought it was put an end to .
The chain reaction of falling stock prices ravaged the world market again , even though we thought it was over .
The prices in Tokyo market were the second highest rate of decline in the wake of the plunge in New York .
The prices in the Tokyo market experienced the second highest rate of decline in the wake of the plunge in New York ( stock market ) .
The Tokyo stock market experienced its second largest decline in the wake of the plunge in New York .
Many people other than Obuchi may be anxious to make the stock prices go up .
According to the estimation of a private research institute , the value of indivisual shares and investment trust funds had gone down by about100 trillion yen between the end of June last year and the end of September this year .
According to estimates of a private research institute , the value of individual shares and investment trust funds had gone down by about 100 trillion yen between the end of June last year and the end of September this year .
Because of the plunge this year , it may go down by about 130 trillion yen .
It is too merciless for the people who have invested the savings and the allowance for retirement for their post - retirement years .
This is unforgivable to the people who have invested their savings for their post - retirement years .
This is very hard on the people who have invested their savings and pensions for their post - retirement years .
According to stock traders , the plunge in New York market last week is because of the anxiety about U . S .
According to stock traders , the plunge in New York market last week is because of the anxiety about the U . S .
According to stock traders , the plunge in the New York market last week was because of the anxiety about the U . S .
finance system , but that of this week is because of the clearer tendency of the recession .
financial system , but the one this week is because of the clearer tendency of the recession .
finance system , but that of this week is because of the increased risk of a recession .
If the actual economy in U . S .
If the actual economy in the US
If the actual U . S . economy
is really aggravated , it is very severe for Japan , which mainly depends on exports .
is really aggravated , it is very dire for Japan , which depends mainly on exports .
is really in trouble , it is very bad news for Japan , which mainly depends on exports .
Though there is a brief recovery from `` Lost Ten Years `` , it is said that economy in Japan is also at the stage of recession .
Though there was a brief recovery from `` Lost Ten Years `` , it is said that economy in Japan is also in a stage of recession .
Though there has been a brief recovery from the `` TenLost Years `` , it is said that theeconomy in Japan is also in a state of recession .
I hear government and the parties in power have begun to study the adding economic policies .
I hear government and the parties in power have begun to study instituting additional economic policies .
People want effective policies not lip services .
People want effective policies not lip service .
People want effective policies , not lip service .
I fell little bit cold .
I think real autumn has come at last .
I think true autumn has come at last .
but I like spring better than autumn .

home work
I read `` The Incredible Present `` .
This book was written by Harriet Castor .
When I read this book , I thought that my bocabrary of English is row revel .
When I read this book , I thought that my vocabulary of English is low level .
There were a lot of words which I ca n't understand .
I repeatelly consulted an English - Japanese dictionary .
I repeatedly consulted an English - Japanese dictionary .
This book is an illustrated book .
This book 's picture is very pretty .
This book 's pictures are very pretty .
I like cute things .
I enjoyed reading this book , but I thought that want to study English very hard .
I enjoyed reading this book , but I thought that I want to study English very hard .

I love Apple 's products
I have been into Apple 's products since I got an iPhone , an iPad 2 and a Mac .
I had used Windows PCs before I bought them .
Once you use a Mac you can not go back to Windows PCs , because Mac is useful , smart and so cool .
Once you use a Mac you can not go back to Windows PCs , because a Mac is useful , smart and so cool .
A truck pad on the laptop type of Mac recognizes the number of your fingers on it .
Touch pads on Mac laptops recognize the number of fingers on it .
So you can change commands to Mac by how many fingers you use .
If you have an iPhone I strongly recommend you buy a Mac .
If you have an iPhone I strongly recommend you to buy a Mac .
I 'm a little sad to hear the news that Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO of Apple .

An art festival
We went to my son 's nursery school , though today was Saturday .
This was because an even was held there .
This was because an event was held there .
The event was an art festival of the school .
We family could look at the works which our children created in the school .
After we appreciated the works , my son was playing with his classmate in the school yard .

My first journal in Lang - 8
My first journal on Lang - 8 .
My first journal on Lang - 8
In Japan , I have studied English for over 10 years .
But there is no time to use my English in dairy life .
But there is no time to use my English in daily life .
But there is no time to use my English in daily life .
So , in Lang - 8 , I want to communicate with native English speakers and improve my English skills ! !
So , on Lang - 8 , I want to communicate with native English speakers and improve my English skills ! !
So , on Lang - 8 , I want to communicate with native English speakers and improve my English skills ! !
I can teach you my native laguage , Japanese too !
I can teach you my native language , Japanese , too !
I can teach you my native language , Japanese too !
I hope I have time to meet various kind of people here in Lang - 8 .
I hope I have time to meet all kinds of people here on Lang - 8 .
I hope I have time to meet all kinds of people here on Lang - 8 .

When will the rainy season end ?
There are still many rainy days in Japan .
According to my experience , rainy season might end before the middle of July . . .
According to my experience , the rainy season might end before the middle of July . . .
I hope it will end before the 3 days week - ends !
I hope it will end before the 3 day week - ends !
What will I been doing in the holidays ?
What will I be doing during the holidays ?
I have to think about it : )
I 'll have to think about it : )

My cooking .
Now , I 'm eating spaghetti for my dinner .
Now , I 'm eating spaghetti for dinner .
This is cooked by myself .
I cooked it myself .
I boiled noodles for six minutes .
First , I boiled the noodles for six minutes .
Next , I mixed noodles and tuna ,
Then , I mixed the noodles with tuna .
As a finish , I poured soysource over noodles and dusted a piece of dried bonito .
Finally , I poured soy source over the noodles and dusted it with a piece of dried bonito .
`` Japanese noodle `` has been completely ! !
`` Japanese noodles `` are finished !
It 's very dericious .
It 's very delicious .

Kendo magazine
As I commented on a diary March 27th , a magazine reporter and a photographer came to our gym and got a story .
As I commented on my diary from March 27 , a magazine reporter and a photographer came to our gym and got a story .
As I commented in a diary on March 27th , a magazine reporter and a photographer came to our gym and wrote a story .
Finally I bought the magazine today !
Finally , I bought the magazine today !
My son and I are in the picture I posted above .
Please come to my Japanese blog if you have an interest in Kendo , music and Japanese life .
Please check out my Japanese blog if you have an interest in either Kendo , music or Japanese life .
My bag was nominated as environmental ecology ,
Today we went to city hall ( industial cultural center ) for nominated environmental ecology .
Today we went to city hall ( the Industial Cultural Center ) for the environmental ecology nomination event .
We are ecogcal family ! ?
We are an enviromentally conscious family !
I could not believe .
I could not believe that I received the nomination .
But today was excited and enjoyed .
Today was very exciting and enjoyable .

I 'm a soft spoken person , and sometimes people ca n't hear me especially in noisy places .
I 'm a soft spoken person , and sometimes people ca n't hear me , especially in noisy places .
So I googled how to make a voice louder .
There are tips and advices for people who have the same problem ( as mine / like mine / with me ) < - which one is correct or more natural ? .
There are tips and advice for people who have the same problem . ( It sounds okay without adding anything . You could also say : `` people who have the same problem I do . `` )
Most of them are useful , but some are ridiculous .
Smoke a pack of cigarette everyday , yell all the time . . . .
Smoke a pack of cigarettes everyday , yell all the time . . . .
Yesterday , I went to a Noraebang ( a room for singing in S .
Yesterday , I went to a Noraebang ( a room for singing in S .
Korea , little different from karaoke in Japan ) to feel better .
Korea , a little different from karaoke in Japan ) to feel better .
These days , I have been depressed a bit .
These days , I have been a bit depressed .
My English does n't seem to get better especially in speaking , and also felt bad when my favorite english teacher kept saying like ' I ca n't hear you . ' last class .
My English does n't seem to get better , especially in speaking , and I also felt bad when my favorite english teacher kept saying ' I ca n't hear you . ' last class .
My English does n't seem to get better , especially in speech , and I also felt bad when my favorite English teacher kept saying things like ' I ca n't hear you ' in the last class .
When I sang songs there , I realized that my voice is not quiet ( basically / naturally ) , just I talked usually quiet .
When I sang songs there , I realized that my voice is not quiet ( basically / naturally ) , just I usually talk quiet .
When I sang songs there , I realized that basically my voice is not naturally quiet , just that I usually talk quiet .
When I sang songs there , I realized that my voice is not naturally quiet , just that I usually speak quietly .
I will try to speak loud as much as possible .
I will try to speak louder as much as possible .
I may feel like I 'm yelling , but I also noticed that itt is not when I recorded and heard my voice .
I may feel like I 'm yelling , but I also noticed that it is not when I recorded and heard my voice .
I may feel like I 'm yelling , but I also noticed that I 'm not when I recorded and heard my voice .
I hope you enjoy good food and have fun in Thanksgiving Day !
I hope you enjoy good food and have fun on Thanksgiving Day !

My favourite movies
I like to watch comic films .
I do n't like those tragedies .
In my spare time , I often hire some comic films , not only the new and also the old classic movies .
In my spare time , I often rent some comedies , not only the new ones , but also the old classic movies .
Especially when I encouter a sad or unhappy thing , I would like to watch a comic movie .
Especially during those times when I encounter a sad or unhappy thing , I would like to watch a comedy .
And then I would forget those annoyances , and get a pleased mood .
And then I would forget those annoyances , and become happy .
We watch comedy not just get fun from it , but also we can get some life philosophy .
We watch comedy not just for fun , but also to get some life philosophy .
It displays life philosophy by comedy and make us think about our life .
I like to watch Zhou Xingchi 's movies , all of his movies are comic .
From a supporting role to the leading role , he must pay great effoerts to get it .
There is much we can learn from him , not only his movies , but also the person himself .
There is much we can learn from him - - not only from his movies , but also from the person himself .

I 'm weak . .
I have been doing work exactly for 1 year until now .
I have been working for exactly one year now .
Touched working I have discovered a few disadvantages myself .
Since I started working , I have discovered a few disadvantages / weaknesses in myself .
In fact , I 'm weak that I got some mistakes of processes at work and I felt a bit unhappy that time .
I made some mistakes during the process of work and felt unhappy about it at the time .
Actually I care so many things of my work .
Actually , I care about so many things regarding my work .
I do n't know why am I care this so ?
I do n't know why I care so much .
To my family , friendship , and hobbies I could take it easy of them .
Weak and sensitive I did n't know these disadvantages when I was a student .
I did n't know I had these kinds of weaknesses when I was a student .
By the way , it 's very different between the part time and the full time job , so I do n't have any presumptions at work anymore .
By the way , it 's very different between the part time and the full time job , so I do n't have any presumptions at work anymore .
Every opportunities for working are all good try and which one must be suitable for each person .
Any opportunities for working are good , so try and see which one might be suitable for you .

The second training lesson
Today , I got the second training lesson to become an English teacher for kids .
It was raining , so I went the nearest station by car after I took my son to kindergarten .
It was raining , so I went to the nearest station in my car , after I took my son to kindergarten .
It was raining , so I went the nearest station by car ( 1 ) after I took my son to kindergarten .
( Usually , I go there by bicycle to exercise . )
( Usually , I go there with my bike to exercise . )
I had expected there would be only me in this lesson , but another trainee was there .
I had expected there would be only me in this lesson , but another trainer was there .
She visited there from the next city that this lesson was held .
She went there from another city where this lesson was held before .
She visited there from the next city along the train line .
It took about 40 minutes by limited express , according to her .
according to her , It took about 40 minutes with a limited express train .
It took about 40 minutes by limited express train , according to her .
Before the lesson begins , we chatted away .
Before the begin of the lesson , we chatted some .
Before the lesson began , we chatted away .
We talked about our backgrounds .
We spoke about our life .
We talked about our past .
She entered high school in Australia , graduated from the school and then entered college there .
She entered at the high school in Australia , she graduated and then entered at the college there .
She entered high school in Australia , graduated ( 2 ) and then entered college there .
After she came back to Japan , she worked at a hotel .
After she came back in Japan , she worked in a hotel .
What a coincidence !
There was once a time , I used to work as a hotel staff . )
Once I used to work in the hotel 's staff . )
There was once a time when I used to work as hotel staff . )
As for the lesson , it was challenging , but rewarding like last time .
about the lesson , it was challenging , but rewarding , like the last time .
; D We have to learn the teaching methods in a short period and do a lots of homework every time .
; D We have to learn the teaching methods in a short time and do a lots of homeworks every time .
There 're 24 hours in a day . . . .
There are 24 hours in a day . . . .
There are ( 3 ) 24 hours in a day . . . .
It 's not enough ! lol
Well , I should n't neglect my routine English study to brush up on my English skills .
Well , I should n't neglect my routine of English study , so I can refresh my English skills .
Well , I should n't neglect my routine English study to brush up on my English skills . ( 4 )
Beijing Museum of Natural History
I went to Beijing Museum of Natural History today and it was very exciting .
I went to the Beijing Museum of Natural History today and it was very exciting .
Apprently , it is popular with kids , but I think it is also a good place for adults to learn more about the mother nature .
Apparently , it is popular with kids , but I think it is also a good place for adults to learn more about Mother Nature .
Below , I translated the introduction of one exhibition board in the museum ( Please refer to the picture for Chinese translations ) :
The Seventh Mass Extinction of Organism
Scientists found that in the last fifty years of twentieth century , hundreds of thousands of species had been extinct on earth .
Scientists found that in the last fifty years of twentieth century , hundreds of thousands of species had become extinct on earth .
Scientists have found that in the last fifty years of the twentieth century , hundreds of thousands of species have become extinct on earth .
As a result , when scientists are studying the six mass extinctions of organism in natural history , they find surprisingly that the earth is experiencing the seventh mass extinction of organism right now .
As a result , when scientists studied the six mass extinctions of organisms in natural history , they found surprisingly that the earth is experiencing the seventh mass extinction of organisms right now .
Features of The Seventh Mass Extinction of Organism
Features of The Seventh Mass Extinction of Organisms
The past six mass extinctions all happened during thousands or millions of years , whereas the current rate of species extinction , according to caculations , is much greater compared to before .
The past six mass extinctions all happened over thousands or millions of years ago , whereas the current rate of species extinction , according to calculations , is much greater compared to before .
The extinction of modern organisms are due to human 's activities .
The extinction of modern organisms is due to human 's activities .
The extinction of modern organisms is due to humans ' activities .
Human is the only species that can result in the mass extinctions of other species in the history of life .
Humans are the only species that can cause the mass extinctions of other species in the history of life .
Humans are the only species in the history of life that can cause the mass extinction of other species .
Representations of human 's activities causing species extinction :
People 's economic activities like the over - exploiting of forest and excess reclamation lead to the changing of envionment of other species .
People 's economic activities like the over - exploiting of forests and excess reclamation lead to the changing of environment of other species .
People 's economic activities like the over - exploiting of forests and excess reclamation lead to the changes in the environment of other species .
Overhunting of wild animals results in species extinction .
Pollution from human activities endanger the survival of wild lives .
Pollution from human activities endanger the survival of wildlife .
Because of the population explosion , people are competing with animals for resources , which also results in the extinction .
Because of the population explosion , people are competing with animals for resources , which also results in their extinction .
. . . . .

I 'm so busy . .
from yesterday , I go into the test weeks , I have to study for test of my scool .
Starting yesterday , I am now in the test weeks , so I have to study for a test I will take at school .
Starting from yesterday , I started taking my exams . I have to study ! !
So I am too busy to keep diary . . .
So I am too busy to update my diary . . .
Bye . . . . .

We had a meeting with our big cliant in thier office today .
We had a meeting with our big client in their office today .
It 's first time for me to go there ,
It was my first time there .
They have a big building in Yotuya of Tokyo , All floors are belong to them .
They have a big building in Yotuya of Tokyo and they own all of the floors .
Someday I would like to run my company like them .
fuu - I 'm really tired out !
I 'd been working for more 10 hours today !
I 've been working for more than 10 hours today !
but I keep on studing English !
but I keep on studying English !
I deside to be awake as long as possibele ,
I 've decided to stay awake for as long as possible .

Washing Car
I washed my sister `` s car .
I washed my sister 's car .
It was very durty because no one drived the car at least one month .
It was very dirty because no one has driven the car for at least one month .
It became cleaned .
It is now clean .
I want to drive somewhere .

writing for TOEFL `` Imagine that you could dine with any famous person .
What kind of dinner would you have and what would you talk about ? ``
If I could have dinner wit any famous person , I would choose Dr .
If I could have dinner with any famous person , I would choose Dr .
Toshiharu Yamamoto .
He is a Japanese doctor , photographer and professional of international cooperation .
He is a Japanese doctor , photographer and a professional of international cooperation .
After he experienced some medical NGO in Sierra Leone and Afghanistan , he set up the NPO `` Earth the Spaceship `` .
After he gained experience in a medical NGO in Sierra Leone and Afghanistan , he set up the NPO `` Earth the Spaceship `` .
He 's acted in a possitive manner to increase the number of people who get interested in global cooperation .
He acted in a positive manner to increase the number of people who became interested in global cooperation .
I 've read all of his presses and I felt he showed me concept guiding my life .
I 've read all of his books ? and I felt he showed me concepts that helped guide my life .
So , I want to talk with him about global dynamics , human life and so on at drinking spot with light meal .
So , I want to talk with him about global dynamics , human life and so on at a drinking spot over a light meal .
Because I 'll be able to listen his real design on condition that we 're blown away little , and light meal would n't distract our conversation .

dictionary
today , I 'm making my own Japanese dictionary that contains useful and common vocabularies .
atashi wa nihongo o benkyou gambarimasu .
atashi wa nihongo no benkyou wo gambarimasu .
those who want to talk to me , I have my skype account .
arigatou gozaimasu . . .

Route guidance
Route guidance
Today I was asked the route by a foreign man .
My expalnation was roughly as follows .
Could you correct weird expression and suggest better expression .
I 'd like to go to US embassy . ( man )
Well , go straight you reach the first signal and turn left , then you find an entrance of subway .
Well , go straight until you reach the first signal and turn left , then you will find a subway entrance .
Please move to Ueno station with Hibiya line and change train to Ginza line there .
Then go to Ueno station with Hibiya line and change train to Ginza line there .
And move to Toranomon station and walk toward big hospital called toranomon hospital .
Finally , go to Toranomon station and walk towards a big hospital called toranomon hospital .
I 'm sorry I 'm not so familiar in this place .
I 'm sorry I 'm not so familiar with this place .
Could you ask another person when you reach aroud ?
Could you ask another person when you get close ?
( In fact , I explained with a map )

the weather this week is really nice : )
it 's warm and not so hot , really confortable ! !
I love it !
I want to buy some dresses ,
but I 'm worried about that I do n't look good in dresses . . .
haha , it 's better for me to wear shorts and Tshirts !
this week is the second week of this semester .
at first I was so excited , because the school days are interesting .
but now there are some little things bothering me ,
and I do n't know how to hadle .
I do n't like the sadness , anger or any other negative emotions .
I 'll try to face and solve the problem ,
I 'll try to face and solve the problem , Note : Capital I
I know that 's the only way to live happily !

Farewell party
We had a farewell party for one of my senior coworkers last night .
He will quit a job at our office at the end of March .
He will quit his job at our office at the end of March .
He is one of the targets of corporate restructuring .
He leaves for another job .
He is leaving for another job .
I am very sorry about that .
We , he and I , have been at the same group for about five years , since 2005 .
He and I have been at the same group for about five years , since 2005 .
He was a group leader of our group .
He was our group leader .
Therefore , I got shocked and felt something betrayed when I heard the news of his change of job .
Therefore , I was shocked and felt somewhat betrayed when I heard the news of his change of job .
To say the truth , I was sorry I did n't think he was enough to be a leader of our group , so I often argued with him about the management .
But this is also true that I respect him a lot as a good engineer and I like him as a good elder friend .
But it is also true that I respect him a lot as a good engineer and I like him as a good elder friend .
Anyway , we miss him .
Anyway , we will miss him .
We wish his every success in his new job as well as his health .
Best wishes for him . . .
and all of us left behind .

Working Girl
I watched the DVD `` Working Girl `` yesterday .
Although I work hard everyday as the main character ,
Although I work hard everyday just like the main character ,
I wonder I gain experience for my future .
I wonder if I 'm gaining experience for my future .
In the end , she promoted and get a nice boy friend in the movie .
In the end , she was promoted and got a nice boyfriend in the movie .
I know that a real life does n't go great like a movie .
I know that real life does n't go as great as a movie .
However , I think of my life and do my best .
However , I think of my life and I do my best .

tell me please , why nobody dont fix my posts ?
what can I do for this ?
or I wrote right all posts ? ) ) I dont think so ) )
or maybe I write all posts correctly ? ) ) I dont think so ) )

I 'm Linda .
I wanna know foreigner be friends .
I wanna meet foreigners and make friends .
And learning new languages between you and me .
And learn new languages between us all .
My first diary ! !
My First Diary ! !
Hi , this is my first diary !
now I am practicing english sicnce I go to America next month .
Now I am studying English sicnce I go to America next month .
I 'm very exiting but
I 'm very excited but
worring about if I can speak english .
I 'm worried if I can speak English .
So I am practicing english now .
So I am studying English now .
I was told about this site my friend .
My friend told me about this site .
This site is very good for me .
well , I go to America with friend for one month .
Well , I go to America with my friend and we will stay for one month .
The aim is as follow : we do once around in America ! dyeah . .
To go to America is twice for me .
Once is my high school day .
I went there once when I was in high school .
Then , I was 17 years old .
At that time , I was 17 years old .
I stayed host family with friend and had very good time .
My friend and I stayed with our host family and we had a very good time .
I appreciated my host family since had very good time and like to America more and more .
I appreciated my host family since I had very good time . I came to like America more .
This time , I want to go to host family and will tell about my life after that time .
This time , I want to go to visit my host family and tell about my life after that .
anyway I use this site about for month and to aim at skill up .
Anyway I use this site about for month to improve my English .
I am glad to that anyone correct my diary .
I am glad if anyone corrects my diary .
Thank you

I would like to post some English and Japanese diary in order to improve my foreign languages from now on .
Today I saw a magazine about `` learning Japanese for free `` .
It told me that I can use this website to practice my writing .
It told me that I can use this website to practise my writing .
In short , I will try my best : )

I have to make Time ! !
I have n't written my dairy for a long time .
I have n't written in my dairy for a long time .
Since I had a cold I have n't got up early .
Since I had a cold I did n't get up early .
I get up at 6 in the morning recently .
I 've been waking up at 6 in the morning recently .
Now I am fine .
So I am going to get up at 5 tomorrow morning .
Then I can study English .

I Return the Book Bank to people .
Today I help people to get their things back .
Today I helped someone to get their property back .
I saw a bank book at the market .
It was on the table where the people ate foods .
It was on a table where people eat foods .
That market is near my office .
Someone forgot it .
Someone forgot that bank book .
I thought it was not their owner but It like their office owner .
Because I can saw inside a book show the company name .
Because I saw the company name inside that book .
I returned by the bank .
I took it back to the bank .
I went to the bank and returned the book .
I am happy that I help people today .
I am happy that I could help people today .

I am tired . . .
Today , I went to the Job Search Centre with the documents .
Today , I went to the Job Search Centre with the necessary documents .
I got the documents yesterday .
I woke early and it was before my alarm clock rang .
I woke so early and it was even before my alarm clock rang ( went off ) .
Come to think of it , I did not wake in the middle of the night .
I recently woke in the middle of the night .
Recently I always woke in the middle of the night .
Since I woke early , I lay down again .
Since it was too early , I laid down again .
The train of private railway which I got in was crowdy but Yamanote line was not crowdy .
The Centre is around ten minutes walk from the nearest station .
The Centre is about ten - minute 's walk from the nearest station .
There were some people waiting their turn , so I picked off the reception sheet and waited my turn .
There were some people waiting for their turn , so I picked up a reception sheet and waited for my turn .
After I did reception I got an introduction card for my application for a new job .
After the reception ( consultation ? ) I got an introduction card for my application for a new job .
The job was a receptionist of a hotel in Asakusa where far from my flat .
It is the job of a receptionist at a hotel in Asakusa which is far from my apartment .
I will write my application document , such as papers of my career .
And I will send these papers tomorrow .
I will receive a call whether they plan a interview with me .
I will receive a call on whether they plan to have an interview with me .
They will make the decision if they employ me .
They will make the decision if they are going to employ ( hire ) me .
I am old and have little careers of good job .
I am old and only had a few good jobs in my career .
So it is difficult to get new job but I can not loose hope .
So it is difficult to get a new job but I must not lose hope .

I want to improve English writing .
I want to improve my English writing .
I 'm student in the beijing .
I 'm a student in the beijing .
my english is too bad .
but I want to learn about english is very good .
but I want to learn about english . english is very good .
because I go to study abroad .
because I will go study abroad .
so , I hope that everyone help me english .
so , I hope that everyone will help me with my english .
thank you .

Make a presentation in your second language
I 've studied English so long and I can listen and understand what native speakers say .
I 've studied English for so long that I can listen and understand what native speakers say .
But I have to admit I ca n't speak enough .
But I have to admit , I ca n't speak well enough .
I want to reach the level that I be able to make a good presentation in front of audience .
I want to reach the level where I can make a good presentation in front of an audience .
In order to do that , I need to improve my vocabulary and fluency .
It 's very tough for me .
Sometimes I become desperate and feel that nobody can achieve to reach that level unless you lived in other countries when you were young .
Sometimes I become desperate and feel that nobody can achieve that level unless you lived in other countries when you were young .
But the idea was mistake .
But that idea is wrong .
You can make a good English presentation if you study hard .
I came to that conclusion when I see a presentation done by a president of a company .
I came to that conclusion when I saw a presentation by a president of a company .
He graduated from American Business school .
He graduated from an American business school .
But he had n't been to US before the business school .
But he had n't been to the US before business school .
He did a excellent presentatin about his expertise and his business .
He did an excellent presentation about his expertise and his business .
He answered all the question with sense of humor .
He answered all the questions with a sense of humor .
Now I believe I can be good english presentator someday if I keep studying .
Now I believe that I can be a good English speaker someday if I keep studying .

chopsticks
Chopsticks are famous Asian traditional tool to eat .
Chopsticks are a famous Asian traditional tool for eating .
The are made of woods .
The are made of wood .
Do you know how to use them ?
We always pick up foods .
Should not stickfoods .
Should not ( spear the food ? ) .
I 've lived in Japan since I was born , but it is difficult for me to pick up so small foods as soybean .
I 've lived in Japan since I was born , but it is difficult for me to pick up food as small as a soybean .
I think it is necessary that I should more practice .
I think it is necessary that I should practice more .

CNN student NEWS
I watched `` CNN student NEWS `` in Japan .
This news use easier English than `` abc NEWS `` .
This news program uses easier English than `` abc NEWS `` .
I like it !
Do you know it ?
Do you know about it ?
and Do you watch it ?

What 's over ?
She said she is over .
What 's over ?
It might be that she had been feeling sand or the wind of time .
These must have reflected her feelings .
These must have reflected themselves in her feelings .

`` Tokyo ``
I 'm going to go to the Tokyo for All Japan JHS chorus competition so I will leave my house early morning .
I 'm going to go to the Tokyo for the All Japan JHS chorus competition , so I will leave my house early in the morning .
I will arrive noon and I will go NHK concert hall .
I will arrive noon and go to the NHK concert hall .
After All Japan JHS chorus competition , I want to enjoy myself with my friend .
After All Japan JHS chorus competition , I want to have fun with my friends .
On sunday , I want to loaf at Ginza .

The question I often want to ask to a foeigner
The question I often want to ask a foreigner
What cause a peson leave his hometown and to a place which language even is diffeent ?
What causes a person to leave his hometown and go to a place where even the language is different ?
Many answers is to learn a new language .
Many answers would probably be to learn a new language .
But it must need any courage .
But it must take a lot of courage .
If your friend is going to a new country , what advice will you give to him o her ? like experience or somethng else
If your friend is going to a new country , what advice will you give to him or her ? like experience or somethng else

first attempt
I just became a member of this site ,
I just became a member of this site .
I am totally newbie like a - baby - deer - trying - to - get - up - on - his - feet
I am a totally newbie , like a baby deer trying to get up on his feet
so spank me up to become a good English writer .
so spank me up ( ? ) to become a good English writer .
I sometimes write sentences by using weired creation of my words .
Please correct them if they are so wrong or better way to say .
Please correct them if they are very wrong , or if there is a better way to say it .

November !
Now it 's getting colder than ever and there has been strong wind blowing for 2 days .
I feel really cold : (
I hope I would get used to this sooner . . .
I hope I get used to this sooner . . .
Well , I 've been thinking about the spelling of American English and British English .
For example , centre and center , you know .
So I thought `` November `` could be `` Novembre `` . . .
but is it correct ?
but is this correct ?
Here 's an another question .
Here 's another question .
What is the difference between Autumn and Fall ?
How does one meaning have 2 different words ?
I hope you can understand my poor English writing . . . and correct my writings .
Take care .

Christmas day was over
Christmas is over
Now Christmas day was over and I feel relief .
Now Christmas is over and I feel relief .
I know the event is always special for people .
All family members get together and eat turkey etc .
It is happy quality time to people .
My entire family is living in Japan .
I got married Canadian guy .
I got married to a Canadian guy .
I went to his family 's house on Christmas day .
I like his family because they try to be nice to me .
Of course I always try to be nice to them .
I have been here for three years but I still have language barrier .
And my sister in law is kind of difficult person .
I mean she is good person but I guess she is sometimes annoyed that I ca n't understand what she is talking about .
I feel so bad to her because I know some sisters in law are like best friends . . .
Anyway Christmas day was over . . .
Anyway Christmas is over . . .

Alcohol and Tea
It is true that I never felt obliged to drink when I was in Germany , Austria or any other European countries , which is quite my cup of tea : ) On the contratry , the social drinking in China can exhaust one , even kill one in extrem cases : ( I am surprised to know that there is also sort of tea ceremony in Germany ( Ostfriesland ) .
What my German friend described reminds me of Chinese Kungfu Tea - I attached a picture .
However , the Chinese drink tea in a very original way , normally without any extra supplement except tea leaves in hot water .
Personally I am not really a tea drinker .
But many Chinese enjoy tea drinking .

The earthquake in Japan
As you know , there are many earthquakes in Japan .
As you know , there have been many earthquakes in Japan .
In the Tohoku region , people are suffering from disease , lacking of food and water , tsunami and so on .
In the Tohoku region , people have been suffering from disease , and shortage of food and water , because of the tsunami and the earthquake .
However , I live in Kanagawa perfecture , which is remote from Tohoku region .
However , I live in Kanagawa perfecture , which is far from Tohoku region .
However , I live in Kanagawa prefecture , which is remote from Tohoku region .
Therefore , I can support people in the region only by fund - raising and power saving .
Therefore , I can support people in the region only by donation and saving power .
I feel my powerlessness .
I feel I 'm powerless .
My relatives live in the region .
So , I think they are also suffering .
So , I think they are also suffering .
I tried to get in touch with them over and over , but I couldn ` t .
I tried to get in touch with them over and over , but I couldn ` t .
I tried to get in touch with them over and over , but I failed finally
I ` m very worried about my relatives .
I 'm very worried about my relatives .
As I can ` t get in touch with them , all I have to do is pray that they are alive and healthy .
As I ca n't get in touch with them , all I have to do is to pray that they are alive and healthy .

The test of courage in the graveyard
My classmates and I did a test of courage last weekend .
We gathered at 11 p . m .
We paired off into couples .
It was paired by lot .
We entered the big graveyard and the pitch - dark tunnel at a time on a dare .
We entered the big graveyard and the pitch - dark tunnel one pair at a time on a dare .
We walked sandy beach on the way .
We walked the sandy beach on the way .
I like the sea of night .
I like the sea at night .
Moon and stars of the day were very beautiful .
The moon and stars that night were very beautiful .
Moon was bright , so it was n't in the dark .
The moon was bright , so we were n't in the dark .
So the test of courage was n't scare for me .
So the test of courage did n't scare me .
After that , we enjoyed talking and fireworks .
It became 4 a . m . over , and it was getting light .
So we broke up .

this is my first diary .
cos I registered Lang - 8 just now .
Because I just registered on Lang - 8 .
I think this is really nice web - site for learning language .
I think this is a really nice web - site for learning languages .
I wanted to find this more before .
I wanted to find out more about this before .
by the way , someone really will correct my diary ?
by the way , will someone really correct my diary ?
actually I do n't have friends here yet . . .

Drug : Recent Japanese fashion
Today , a famous japanese actress is placed on the wanted list .
Today , a famous Japanese actress was placed on the wanted list .
Her name is `` Noripi `` who are 38 years old .
Her name is `` Noripi `` . She is 38 years old .
Two days ago , another one famouse actor `` Oshio manabu `` is arrested as a suspected person .
Two days ago , another famous actor , `` Oshio manabu `` , was ( also ) arrested as a suspect .
They used some awakening drugs .
A lot of people feel sad about that and a part of one feel funny .
A lot of people feel sad about that , but others ( or : but other people ) feel amused .
Now the main concentration of all japanese is gathering at the Noripi .
Who catch her . . .
Who will catch her . . .

My Helpful Gadget
My electronic English dictionary is outstanding and easy to use .
I carry it with me at any time .
I carry it with me all the time .
I traveled abroad many times with it .
I look up a lot of words when I 'm on duty and study every day .
I look up a lot of words when I 'm on duty or studying every day .
It always help me and it 's a necessity for me .
It always helps me and it 's a necessity for me .
However , something has been wrong with it recently .
Its screen has gone off suddenly several times .
Oh , it 's a big problem .
Oh , it 's a big problem .
I suppose , I used it too much , or it has just reached its life .
I suppose , I used it too much , or it has just reached the end of its life .
I like it , but I should get a new one .
Some days ago , comic books I lended to my friend returned to me .
Though I have read it many times , I started read it again .
The name of the comic is `` SLAM DUNK `` .
Do you know the comic ?
Have you ever heard of it ?
It is very famouse in Japan .
It is very famous in Japan .
It is a story about basketball .
Story begins when main character loves a girl at first sight .
The girl lets he play basketball and he practices hard to be loved by her .
Gradually , he loves basketball as well and becomes good player .
I play basketball , so I can feel sympathy with characters .
I play basketball , so I can empathise with characters .
However , if you do n't play basketball , I recomend you read this comic .
The story is very exciting and moving .
Youcan enjoy it without a knowledge of basketball .
You can enjoy it even without a knowledge of basketball .
Why do n't you read it ?

Torrential rain
Affected by the outer band of Typhoon `` Parma `` , Taiwan had a lot of rain over the weekend .
[ Taiwan was a ] ffected by the outer band of Typhoon `` Parma `` , Taiwan had a lot of rain over the weekend .
The northern part of Taiwan often has much more rain in autumn and winter than in spring and summer .
It has been raining 3 days in a row .
It has been raining for 3 days in a row .
Instead of drizzle , it 's torrential rain .
Instead of a drizzle , it 's torrential rain .
The sound came from the rain licking the eaves waked me up in the middle of the night several times .
The sound of the rain hitting the eaves woke me up in the middle of the night several times .
Tapping on the windows rhythmically , rainy day has sort of Idyllic ambiance .
Yet the humid air always makes people feel uncomfortable , not to mention the outdoor activities .
And the most important fact is that my closes have not dried yet .
And the most important fact is that my clothes have not dried yet .

Shinokubo
I have to submit my plan for the thesis by the end of May .
I have to submit a plan for my thesis by the end of May .
But I 'm still wondering what theme I should choose .
But I 'm still wondering what theme I should choose .
While I major in Economics , especially focus on Globalization , I also started to attend the seminal for Anthropology from this April .
These days , My priority is changing from Economics to Anthropology .
So I 'm looking for a good theme which is related to both globalization and anthropology .
May be I 'm going to research about immigrant .
Do you know Shinookubo ?
Shinookubo is known as Korean town in Japan .
There are so many restaurants which provides various kind of Korean food , and many people visit there to eat them .
I live near Shinookubo , so I knew there since my youth , and I realized it has changed a lot comparing to it used to be .
However , I have n't go there for a long while , so I must go there and eat some delicious food !

Nice to meet you
My name is Mami .
I started this because I want to improve my ability of using English .
I started using this because I want to improve my English .
I started this because I want to improve my English .
First , I want to introduce about myself .
First , I want to introduce myself .
First , I want to introduce myself .
I 'm a university student and I 'm majoring in English and American literature so I 'm interested in learning about other countries .
I 'm a university student majoring in English and American literature , so I 'm interested in learning about other countries .
My dream is to go to many countries and to talk with many people there .
My dream is to visit many countries and to talk with many people there .
My favorite musicisians are NEWS , Tegomass , Demi Lovato and so on .
My favorite musicisians are NEWS , Tegomass , Demi Lovato , and so on .
My favorite movies are Harry Potter , Twilight and so on .
My favorite movies are Harry Potter , Twilight , and so on .
I love movies so I 'm in a movie making club .
I love movies so I belong to the movie - making club .

I am a student from Colombia and I try to learn English with this page , can someone help to this purpose ?
I am a student from Colombia and I 'm trying to learn English with this page , can someone help me
I am a student from Colombia and I `` m trying to learn English with this page , can someone help me ?

Beaufy and the Beast - Chapter one
Beauty and the Beast - Chapter One
Once , There was rich merchant in a big town .
Once , there was rich merchant in a big town .
He had many ships and he had three daughters .
The two elder sister was ugly and greedy .
The two elder daughters were ugly and greedy ,
But , The youngest daughter was difference elder sisters .
but the youngest daughter was different .
She was everything beauty .
Everything about her was beautiful .
Why her name is ' Beauty ' .
One day , the rich merchant suddenly lost everything .
But , Beauty thanked about everything .
But , Beauty was still thankful for everything .
Two elder sister try to rich man married to downtown .
But , They refused married .
Because , The man only was to see they money .
They family have to work .
They family had to work .
One day , the merchant heard some good news .
One of ships did n't sink .
So , He is going to the port .
So , he went to the port ,
But , the last ship was robbed by pirates .
but soon learned the last ship was robbed by pirates .
He sad , `` I must be cursed . ``

2010 . 11 . 5
5 / 11 / 2010 .
I have got the job and started to work after the interview .
I got the job and started to work after the interview .
There are many employees in the company .
I work with a art designer in an office .
I work with an art designer in an office .
He is a easy going person .
He is an easy going person .
It is busy and I have to learn many things .
It is busy , and I have to learn many things .
I also have to practice the design software `` Illustrator `` more .
I also have to practice the design software `` Illustrator `` more . + Adobe Illustrator ? +
I also have to practice using the design software `` Illustrator `` more .
I work from am10 : 00 to pm5 : 00 , then I go to school after work .
I work from 10 : 00am to 5 : 00pm , then I go to school after work .
I feel very tired and I can n't concentrate on my book .
I feel very tired , and I ca n't concentrate on my book .
Next week we will start to the mid - term exam .
Next week we will start to prepare for the mid - term exam .
I wish to have more time to prepare for the exam .
And I slso wish to have more time to practice `` salsa `` .
And I also wish to have more time to practice `` salsa `` dancing .
I hope everything can go smoothly in the future .
I hope everything will go smoothly in the future .

October sky
Today , I watched a movie `` October sky ``
Today , I watched a movie , `` October Sky . ``
The movie 's main actor is a boy called ' homer ' .
The movie 's main character is a boy called Homer .
The boy born and raised coal - mining town .
The boy was born and raised in a coal - mining town .
He has a dream , ( Being a rocket scientist . ) and in the end he did it .
He has a dream , to be a rocket scientist , and in the end he does .
The boy 's biggiest struggler is his father .
The boy 's biggestobstacleis his father .
He forced his son to be a miner .
But homer choose his life , not father 's .
But Homer chose his own life , not his father 's .
It 's interesting movie .
It 's an interesting movie .

Forrest Gump
A few days ago , I watched `` Forrest Gump `` , the DVD of which I had borrowed from a rental shop .
A few days ago , I watched `` Forrest Gump `` , which I had borrowed from a rental shop .
It is such a famous film that I had known it by name for several years .
I do n't describe the details of this film , because if you have never watched it I want you to watch it .
I wo n't describe the details of this film , because if you have never watched it I want you to watch it .
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and it will tell you something important .
I got PlayStation3 about a month ago , so I want to borrow Blu - ray next and to play it on PS3 .
I hear the image quality of Blu - ray is excellent .

Today , I took a voice training lesson at Shibuya .
Hi , everyone !
I have taken a voice training lesson since 2009 .
I have been taking a voice training lesson since 2009 .
I am belong to Marketing division at work , so that I often make a presentation
I belong to the Marketing division at work , so I often make a presentation
for sales promotion of our products .
to promote the sales of our products .
In Japan , most people tend to like high tone voice , but I did n't have high voice .
In Japan , most people tend to like a high pitched voice , but I did n't have that .
I thought it is important for an attractive presentation to make a speech with clear voice .
For an attractive presentation , I thought it was important to be able to make a speech with a clear voice .
That is why I started to take a training .
That is why I started to take training .
The voice trainer is very nice , so the training is very fun .
Now many audiences praise my presentation .
Now , many different audiences praise my presentations .
I want to improve my voice more .

unkind full god
I was totally threw out when I got out from my last lab class on Friday .
I was totally put out when I got out of my last lab class on Friday .
when my class was over I was chatting on Facebook with my friend suddenly one of the my class - met came and started shouting and crying .
When my class was over , I was chatting on Facebook with my friend and suddenly one of the my classmates came to me and started shouting and crying .
I asked in loud voice `` what happed why are you crying `` then he told `` just check the news on internet `` what happened I asked tsunami in japan he told I was thread up that time .
I searched BBC news it was unbelievable oh god what you have done .
I searched BBC news and it was unbelievable . Oh God , what you have done ?
then I released that god always cursed on people .
Then I realized that God has always cursed people .
if he did n't want the livings beings then why he created these all this to see the this type of events I totally angry on the god .
If he did n't want the living beings then why did he create all of us to see this type of event . I am totally angry with God .
I know some people do bad things but some are helpful to other .
I know some people do bad things , but some are helpful to others .
where is the god I do n't believe he is so kind full for the creature that he creates .
Where is God ? I do n't believe he is very kind to the creatures he created .
ohhh god I humbly request you please stop this fearful , dread full things do n't cruse your son if you are really a god .
Oh , God , I humbly request that you please stop these fearful , dreadful things . Do n't cruse your son if you are really a God .
Any father will never want that his son get trouble then why are you so unkindness .
No father will ever want his son to be troubled . Then why are you so unkind ?
if we makes some little mistake give some little punishment but people of japan are so kindful and labourish you cant expect .
If we make a little mistake , give us a little punishment . But the people of japan are so kind and laborious , you ca n't explain .
please . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . stop this . . . . . . .

Sit - ups
I felt myself to gain ground vitality when I exercised to strengthen the abdominal muscles .
I felt that I gained ground vitality when I exercised to strengthen the abdominal muscles .
It is no grounded opinion .
Just my sense .
Just my feeling .
I wonder if my body would be straight .
I wonder if my body will be straight .

Let 's keep a diary today !
in broken English . lol
This is a third try to start keeping a diary . . .
This time , I will continue to keep a diary .
I think there are many mistakes in grammer , I would appreciate it if you could point out my mistake .
I think there are many mistakes in grammar , I would appreciate it if you could point out my mistake .
Anyhow , there is something fun in Mito life , I will make an entry in my diary about that arbitrarily .
With this is mind , I beg your kindness .

Find a job
I 'm completely broke since I arrived Japan .
I 'm completely broke since I arrived in Japan .
I should n't have traveled in Australia with my friend if I want to save some money but of course I could n't do that .
I should n't have gone traveling in Australia with my friend if I want to save some money but of course I could n't do that .
It 's our first and could be last time to travel there .
It 's our first and possibly last time to travel there .
It 's our first and could be our last time to travel there .
Everytime never be the same , so I chose to use money .
I do n't know what will happen in the future [ ? ] , so I chose to use the money .
Everytime can never be the same , so I chose to spend my money .
It 's right decision .
It was the right decision .
It 's the right decision .
Our travel was so excited , special time for us .
Our trip was such an exciting , special time for us .
Our travel was so exciting , a special time for us .
And now , I need to find a job .
I used to work in a hotel in Osaka before I go to Australia .
I used to work in a hotel in Osaka before I went to Australia .
I want to try something new now .
I want to use English for my job .
I want to use English in my job .
As you know , it 's not easy .
I have n't decided what kind of job I want to do .
I 'll do my best , please cross your finger for me ; )
I 'll do my best , please cross your fingers for me ; )
Thank you .

My poster presentation 6 ( last )
This is the last part of my presentation .
Thank you for everyone who read them and corrected my English .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Can we control our immune system ? ?
If hygiene hypothesis is correct , we might control our immune system and prevent disease .
If children play out side and contact many bacteria , they might prevent allergic disease .
If children get more outdoor play and contact many bacteria , they might avoid allergic disease .
Furthermore , there are several reports that some food including bacteria work well with our body .
Furthermore , there are several reports that some foods containing bacteria work well with our body .
For example , yogurt including lactic acid bacteria is believed to make us healthy and prevent disease , because these bacteria strengthen the immune system .
For example , yogurt containing lactic acid bacteria is believed to make us healthy and prevent disease , because these bacteria strengthen the immune system .
This hypothesis is called probiotics and widespread to people .
However , it is still unclear how much the probiotics affect the immune system and prevent disease .
However , it is still unclear how much the probiotics affect the immune system and prevent the disease .
Our environment including our body has already many bacteria and we are exposed by them all time .
Our environments including our body already have many bacteria and we are exposed to them all time .
The most of data as beneficial to our body are clamed by companies producing fermented foods .
The most of data demonstating the benefits to our body are clamed by companies producing fermented foods .
There are research conflicts and we need much more study fairly .
There are research conflicts and we need much more fair studies .

First Diary
First Diary
From today , I want to keep a diary in English .
From today , I want to keep a diary in English .
Starting today , I want to keep a diary in English .
This is hard for me , but I want to speak Engish in some day .
This is hard for me , but I want to speak English some day .
So please check my English and I 'll check Japanese diary as possible as I can .
So please check my English and I 'll check your Japanese diary as much as I can .
I want to have many friends in this community .
I want to have many friends in this community .
I want to write more , but tomorrow , I have my part time job .
I want to write more , but tomorrow , I have my part time job .
So I have to go to bed .
So I have to go to bed .
Good night .
Good night .

my son catch a cold
My son has caughta cold .
I have one boy who is 9 months years old .
I have a sonwho is 9 months old .
He has caught a cold from last Saturday .
He caught a cold last Saturday .
Yesterday , he was absent from childcare .
But today , he has gone to childcare .
I am worry about him .
I am worriedabout him .

I am at home .
I want to learn englisch .
I want to learn English .
I want to travel .
waht time is it .
What time is it ?

Earthquake
In Japan , there was an erathquake measuring 9 on the Richter scale on March 11 .
In Japan , there was an earthquake measuring 9 on the Richter scale on March 11 .
I 'm fine , but many many people died . . .
I 'm so sad and pray for missing people safty .
I 'm so sad and pray for missing people 's safety .
I hope Japan rebuild after the earthquake as soon as possible .
I hope Japan rebuilds after the earthquake as soon as possible .

sea otters
In the wild , sea otters sleep wrapping seaweed around their bodies so they wo n't be carried away by the ocean current .
In an aquarium , they do n't have to be worried about being crried away .
In an aquarium , they do n't have to be worried about being carried away .
In an aquarium , they do n't have to be worried about being carried away .
However , they may not feel easy unless they catch something in their sleep .
However , they may not feel at ease unless they catch something in their sleep .
However , they may not feel at ease unless they catch something in their sleep .
Sea otters which live in a aquarium sometimes sleep hand in hand .
Sea otters that live in aquariums sometimes sleep hand in hand .
Sea otters that live in an aquarium sometimes sleep hand in hand .
It is my picture .

My wife said that the baby in her inside did many hiccups yesterday .
My wife said that the baby inside her had a lot of hiccups yesterday .
It was for about one minute .
It lasted for about one minute .
She said it is maybe for practice to breath after the birth .
She said maybe he was trying to practice breathing before birth .
It was interesting for me .
How often do you do hiccups ?
How often do you hiccup ?

Today 's dinner
Today 's dinner .
I have been cooked fried chicken and salada this evening .
I cooked fried chicken and salada this evening .
Fried chicken is called `` Karaage `` in Japanese .
Fried chicken is called `` Karaage `` in Japanese .
It 's most popular food and young peoples love it .
Its the most popular food and young people love it .
I have ever been heard `` I dislike Karaage `` .
I never heard people say `` I dislike Karaage `` .
We can buy it convenience shop , supermarket , restaurant and so on .
We can buy it at the convenience shop , supermarket , restaurant and so on .
Of course , I love it .
Of course , I love it .

Yesterday I was doing skype to my shool friends .
Yesterday , I was on Skype with my school friends .
Yesterday is second saturday .
In india second saturday is holiday .
There is no my class .
There is n't any class .
I was doing `` skype `` to my school friends .
I enjoyed these times .
I enjoyed that time .

The study of English works hard
I will work hard to study English
Nice to meet you .
I am a student in Japan .
It comments because the diary will be written in the future .

Double numbers at the clock ! ( u ^ u )
Have you ever seen in you clock `` 12 : 12 `` ?
Have you ever seen your clock when it shows `` 12 : 12 `` ?
The people says that see this kind of numbers ( double numbers ) you will have good luck !
People say that seeing these kind of numbers ( double numbers ) will bring you good luck !
Or maybe someone is thinking of you !
I do n't know if this is true or false because I saw that kind of numbers at the time ! !
I do n't know if this is true or false because I see that kind of numbers all the time ! !
In the supermaket , in the car , in my computer , in everywhere ! ! ! xD
Some people says that is something psycological I do n't know but is funny !
I like to think that I 'm gon na have luck or someone is thinking on me xD ( althought I think that is n't good , some people I do n't like me ( no les caigo bien ) ) But It 's ok .
Is something positive .
For some strange reason I like to believe in weird things .
Thanks for reading this weird entry .
Have a nice day .

Too cold . . .
I fell very cold .
I feel very cold .
So I dislike winter . . .

short diary .
I dropped by book store after work today .
I dropped by a bookstore after work today .
I wanted to get fashion magazine but I remembered that I forgat my purse .
I wanted to get a fashion magazine but I remembered that I forgot my purse .
I 'll go to there again tomorrow .
I 'll go there again tomorrow .
- - - - - - -
Today is DORAEMON 's birthday . : )
Google is also celebrating him !
Nice ! !

I want to make a call to Canada .
About 2 years ago I went to Vancouver .
And I staid a month at homestay .
And I stayed a month on a homestay .
During I live in vancouver , my homestay family treat me as a member of their family .
So I was very comfortable and I enjoy a foreign trip .
So I was very comfortable , and I enjoyed my stay / my trip / etc . .
I came Korea and wanted to call them .
I came back to Korea and wanted to call them .
Becaus I lost his e - mail address .
. . . because I lost their e - mail address .
But it impose a little burden on me .
But I 'm having a little trouble .
I 'm not a fluent speaker .
I spend time hesitatingly .
I want be sure to telephone them before more time passes .
I want be sure to call them before ( more / too much ) time passes .

My friend married ! !
My friend got married ! !
My friend got married ! !
My friend married last May .
My friend got married last May .
My friend got married last May .
The friend is the same age as me ( 22 yeas old ) , so I was surprised a little .
That friend is the same age as me ( 22 years old ) , so I was a little surprised .
The friend is the same age as me ( 22 years old ) , so I was a little surprised .
In Japan , people relatively married around 30 yeas old .
In Japan , people usually get married at around 30 years old .
Relatively , people in Japan get married at around 30 years old .
In your country , how old do people marry ?
In your country , how old are people when they get married ?
In your country , how old are people when they marry ?

Oh , hell !
I went for a check up .
I gained weight this year than last year . ( - - ; )
I gained more weight this year than last year . ( - - ; )
I gained more weight this past year as compared to last year . ( - - ; )

My New Painting Studio
I started to clean up a room which we have been using as a closet .
The room has an air conditioner .
Since my painting studio does n't have any air conditioner , I have used a fan .
However , when I paint , since my painting mediums are powder , they often fly off .
Although I asked my husband to set a new air conditioner to the room , he always pretends that he can not listen to my story .
So , I decided to clean up the closet for my new painting studio in summer time .
So , I decided to clean up the closet for my new painting studio for summer time .
Since the room is next to our kitchen , I also cleaned up our kitchen .
Although I do n't like cleaning , after finished cleaning up the kitchen , I felt refreshed .
Although I do n't like cleaning , after I finished cleaning up the kitchen , I felt refreshed .
I will still keep on cleaning the closet tomorrow .
I am really looking forward to making a new comfortable painting studio for summer seasons .

How do you do ?
I can reading .
I can read .
But , I ca n't writing .
So want to study here .
So I want to study here .
I 'm not like agrammar .
I 'm not good at grammar .
The dictionary is used , it may be wrong .
The dictionary was used , I may be wrong .
Wont ' you correct my English composition ?
Wo n't you correct my English ?

July 11 , 2011
We went to a park in Kami - hoshikawa in the morning yesterday .
My sons went into a fountain there .
We can push a button and misty water comes out from a hole .
My first son enjoyed this .
My first son also played with a water gun with a stranger who was there .
They had fun but the water gun broke down unfortunately .
My wife went to a hair salon in the afternoon .
My sons and I went to JJ club .
My sons and I went to JJ club . `` the `` JJ club
We played soccer , baseball , basketball and some computer games there .
We also met my son 's classmate there .
My second son ate popcorn too much .
We were there for about two hours .
I made dinner because of my turn .

March 11 . 2010 ( tursday )
It was like Spring warm today .
My husband and I went to the library Today .
we read some books for an hour or so .
We read some books for an hour or so .
I got tired .
I 'm going to go to bed early tonight .
Good night !

How to study English
I think the best way to study English is to talk with a native speaker .
But if we take a private lesson with him or her , we need to pay around 5000 yen ( about 60 US dollar ) per hour in Japan .
Hence I make it a rule to speak with myself about what happened to me on the day .
Hence I make it a rule to speak to myself about what happened to me during / throughout the day .
I hope I will be able to master it by this way .
I hope I will be able to master it this way .

My 86th English Gogyohka
Though the Earth
is full of scraches
by human wars
it 's brilliant blue
in a dark universe .

I love surfing .
The surf is the most important in my life . . .
Surfing is the most important thing in my life . . .
I love surf but surf its very simillar a drugs .
I love surfing but surfing is very simillar to drugs .
Is very addicted .
It is very addicting .
Surfing is good for travelling a lot of the world and search different beaches .
Surfing is good for travelling the world and searching for different beaches .
Now I stay in Australia , for me Australia its a trannig , Im return to Spain I have veur contest and now I go to surfing every day .

I wrote to ETS again
To whom it may concern ,
Thank you for reply so soon .
Thank you for your prompt reply .
ETS is the most effcient institution I have ever seen .
ETS is the most efficient institution I have ever seen .
I deeply appreciate that you take my problem as your concern .
I deeply appreciate that you taken the time to consider my problem .
But I still have one more question about the process of changing my name .
But Ihave one more question about the process of changing my name .
My situation is , I did n't know that I made a mistake on my name until the staff of the test center told me , that is , they told me that just before the test began .
My situation is that I did n't know ( that ) I had made a mistake on my name until the staff of the test center told me , which was just before the test began .
So my question is :
So my question is the following :
`` Is the test center obligated to report it to ETS if they found there 's inconsistency between the name of registration and the passport the student showed ? ``
`` Is the test center obligated to report to ETS if they discover an inconsistency between the registered name and the name on the student 's passport ? ``
Is the testing center obligated to report to ETS if they find an inconsistency between the registered name and the name in the student 's passport ?
The reason why I ask this question is that I have some friends they also made mistakes on their name , however , the staff of the test center help them report it to ETS .
I ask this question because I have some friends who had also made a similar mistake on their name , however , the staff of the test center helped them report it to ETS .
Eventually , all of them corrected their name successfully !
Eventually , all of them had their names corrected successfully !
Okay , let 's get back to the question .
( Okay , let 's get / ) Going back to my question .
If the answer is `` YES `` , then I could ask for damages from the test center I took test in .
If your answer is `` YES `` , then I could seek damages from the test center where I took the test .
They should take the responsibility for their carelessness .
Because of their negligence , I spent 160USD and get nothing !
( Because of / ) Due to their negligence , I had spent USD160 and got nothing !
My TOEFL score would be invalid becuase that they did n't have my name correct !
My TOEFL score is invalid becaus they did n't have my name corrected !
If the answer is `` NO `` , then I will cast doubts on the reliance of ETS .
If your answer is `` NO `` , then I will have doubts on the reliability of ETS .
How can you let a person without conformity between the registration name and passport name take the test .
In other words , anyone could replace me to take this test .
In other words , anyone could have replaced me to take the test .
It is kind of serious problem , right ?
The staffs of test center knew that there is a mistake on my name , but they still let me take the test .
The staff at the test center knew that there was a mistake on my name , but they still let me to take the test .
What if I were someone else ?
I know the rule is the rule .
Maybe you can not help me with my name correction , but you can help yourselves to improve your process of training invigilators .
I am just a poor student who want to study abroad .
I am just a poor student who wants to study abroad .
I only earn 350USD per month , and the test took me almost half of my salary .
I only earn USD350 per month , and the test cost me almost half my salary .
All I want is a fair test .
All I want is fair treatment .
I know I make the first mistake , it 's my fault .
I know it was my own mistake to begin with .
But there are others who made same mistakes then got repair .
But there are others who have made the same mistakes and then had their names / mistakes corrected .
We have same problem but end up with different consequence .
They and I have the same problem but we end up with different consequences .
That 's just so unfair !
Thank you for your reply again ! !
Thank you again for your prompt reply .
Really appreciate .
It is really appreciated .
Sincerely yours ,
Yours sincerely ,
Chang , Yi - Hsien

In the middld of night I woke up by some terrible sound .
In the middle of the night I woken up by a terrible sound .
It was the sound of raining , which was so loud that I could n't sleep any more .
It was different from the usual and it rained so heavily that it seemed like someone on the clouds pours the water to the ground .
Just as was expected , the flooding and damage news was reported in the morning .
Just as I expected , there were news reports of flooding and damage in the morning
Go for the cup , Japan !
Japan 0 - 0 Australia in Asian Cup final !
Japan and Australia are at 0 - 0 in the Asian Cup final !
It 's gon na go into the extra time !
It 's gon na go into overtime !
Beat Australia , Japan , pleeeeeese !
Beat Australia , Japan , pleeeeeease !
Btw , why on earth theres no pizza delivery at midnight ?
Btw , why on earth is there no pizza delivery at midnight ?
I need a pizza and coke !

first time using lang - 8
My first time using Lang - 8
hi everyone , this is my first time using lang - 8 .
Hi everyone , this is my first time using Lang - 8 .
my friend says it 's really helpful .
My friend says it 's really helpful ,
so I wanna try it : P I 'm not very sure how it works .
so I want to try it : P I 'm not ( entirely ) sure how it works .
is it like that I write an article or something and everyone who speaks this language will judge it and gives advise ?
I wanna learning formal english .
I want to learning formal English .
cz it 's really a problem for me .
Because it 's really a problem for me .
I used too much speaking english in my reports and essays .
I dont know the differences .
I do n't know the differences .
would you please give me some examples ?
Would you please give me some examples ?
Thanks !

Nightmares
I often have had nightmares since broke up .
I often have had nightmares since we broke up .
After waking up with a start , I become sleeplessly .
Therefore , I am in a state of poor mind at work .
Therefore , I am tired at work .
How long does this condition continue ?
How long will this condition continue ?
I am so tired , and I want to live easily and normally .

Long time no see !
Day before yesterday , and yesterday , I played in a band .
Yesterday and the day before , I played in a band .
I was part of the base .
I played that song was `` HEAVEN `` ( Janne da arc ) , `` God knows `` and `` Empty color days `` .
The song I played was `` HEAVEN `` ( Janne da arc ) , `` God knows `` and `` Empty color days `` .
I could not play well at all .
But I could really enjoy !

Happy with life ?
After I have read the article about `` Are you happy with life ? `` from the newsgroup .
After I read an article titled `` Are you happy with life ? `` in a newsgroup .
Then , I ask myself .
I asked myself .
I do n't really know I am happy or not .
I do n't really know whether I am happy or not .
It is so complicated .
Sometimes , I would to like to want more and more pretty clothes even I have had much clothes already .
Sometimes , I would like more pretty clothes even though I have have so many clothes already .
My mother always scold me , `` Why are you buy so much clothes , but could n't see me wearing the clothes ? `` Heehee , I do n't know why I just want to buy it at that moment .
My mother always scolds me , `` Why do you buy so many clothes , but never wear them `` Heehee , I do n't know why I just want to buy them at that moment .
After I went home , I felt I have bought the wrong things and felt unsatisfied .
After I go home , I feel I have bought the wrong things and feel unsatisfied .
On the other hand , when my friend annoyed me , I will feel angry for a few days .
On the other hand , when my friends are annoyed with me , I will feel angry for a few days .
But , After a week , I will felt nothing at all .
But , after a week , I will feel nothing at all .
So , every little things can make me happy , and every little things can make me dispressed .
So , every little thing can make me happy , and every little thing can make me depressed .
I do n't know how to reply this question .
I do n't know how to answer this question .

I went to restaurant with my family .
Today I went to restaurant with my family .
Today I went to a restaurant with my family .
It was the last chance that we were all rest in this summer .
It was the last chance we had to rest this summer .
My father said Let 's eat delicious lunch !
My father said , `` Let 's eat a delicious lunch ! ``
We could eat anything for Thousand Yen , but my father had 4 meal tickets , so we could eat free ! : D
We could eat anything for a thousand yen but my father had 4 meal tickets , so we could eat for free ! : D
There were a lot of delicious foods !
There was a lot of delicious food !
For example , French cuisine , Chinese food , Japanese food , and desserts ! !
For example , French cuisine , Chinese food , Japanese food and dessert ! !
Look at the picture .
I dished up beautiful : )
I ate two dishes of foods and one dish of dessert .
I ate my fill heartily , but my family ate more .
I heartily ate my fill but my family ate more .
My father and brother ate three times as much as I do !
My father and brother ate three times as much as I did !
So we could n't eat dinner , but it 's OK because I do n't want to put on a lot of weight !
A assignment .
I have to do an assighment about nail art .
And I have to do a powerpoint .
I 'm anxious about that .
My English grammer is very bad .
I have no idea .
How much does finger nail art cost ?
After a long interval . . . . . . .
Tuesday , July 18th .
It 's rainy today .
It 's raining today .
I studied English Pronunciation today .
It 's funny .
but I felt that is very different with Korean .
so I did speaking slowly .
so I spoke slowly .
I 'll study English Pronunciation harder tomorrow .
I will study harder in English pronunciation tomorrow .

international problems
Rich countries often give financial aid to poor countries , but it does not solve the poverty , so rich counties should give other types of help to the poor countries rather than the financial aid .
Developed countries often give financial aid to poor / developing countries , but this alone does not solve poverty . Developed countries should also give other types of help to poor countries instead of / in addition to financial aid .
To what extent do you agree or disagree ?
Write at least 250 words .
Currently , it is not uncommon for rich counties offer financial aid to the poor countries , for the sake of helping them shake off poverty .
Currently , it is not uncommon for rich countries offer financial aid to the poor countries , for the sake of helping them shake off ( overcome ) poverty .
It is not uncommon for developed countries to provide financial aid to poor countries to help them overcome poverty .
But the effort seems not effective enough that many impoverished countries still suffer from poverty and other problems .
But the effort seems to not be effective enough , and as a result many impoverished countries still suffer from poverty and other problems .
But the effort seems insufficient ; many of these countries still suffer from poverty and related problems .
Therefore , which form of aid should be offered to the poor countries has been a topic of discussion .
Therefore , in what form of aid should be offered to the poor countries has been a topic of discussion .
The forms of aid that should be offered to poor countries has consequently become a topic of discussion .
Some people are convinced that wealthy countries should offer aid in alternative forms such as education or technology instead of strictly financial support .
Some people are convinced that wealthy countries should offer aid in alternative forms such as education or technology instead of strictly financial support .
There is no doubt that one country can not develop to be a strong one while it always relying on other countries help .
There is no doubt that one country can not develop to be a strong one while it is always relying on other countries ' help .
There is no doubt that a country can not truly develop if it is always relying on other countries ' help .
It is the development of education and technology that can really push one country to become a wealthy one .
It is through the development of education and technology that one country can really push another country to become a wealthy one .
It is the development of education and technology that can really push one country to become a wealthy one .
When a country is so poor that it can not develop its own education and technology by itself , the assists that served with education and technology from rich countries can make a great effort .
When a country is so poor that it can not develop its own education and technology by itself , the assistance from rich countries can make a great impact .
Take India as an example .
India is a country which used to be so poor that can not afford the huge domestic cost , but it become more powerful than ever before due to the development of computer technology , which is benefit from the technology aids from developed countries .
India is a country which used to be so poor that it could not afford the huge domestic cost , but it became more powerful than ever before due to the development of computer technology , which it benefitted from the technology aids received from developed countries .
By contrast , some others may claim that financial aid should remain the most effective form of aid .
Apparently , most poor countries rely on direct financial support to relieve pressures of poverty , which can use in different ways to alleviate the poverty , such as buying foods for hungers and buying military equipment for the stability of the country .
Many poor countries rely on direct financial support to relieve pressures of poverty , which they can use in different ways to alleviate the poverty , such as buying foods to combat hunger , or buying military equipment for the stability of the country .
Many poor countries rely on direct financial support to relieve the pressures of poverty . This support can be used in different ways , which include buying food and military equipment .
The citizens of such countries will suffer from hunger and disturbance if financial aid is withdrawn .
In some cases , the citizens of such countries will continue to suffer from hunger and hardship if financial aid is withdrawn .
In conclusion , as long as rich countries help poor ones , any form of aid is acceptable .
The main issue should be how the poor countries make good use of these aids in a proper way to improve the wellbeing of the citizens .
The main issue should be how the poor countries make good use of these aids in order to improve the well - being of their citizens .

To the core
I just learnt a phrase `` To the core . `` so I would like to make a sentence .
I just learnt a new phrase , `` to the core . `` So I would like to try and make some example sentences .
He changed a lot to the core .
He changed a lot , all the way to his core .
Can you understand it to the core ?

Today is pay day .
It is very happy .
I am very happy .
But my salary is cut 15 percent to ease the company financial crisis .
However , my salary was reduced by 15 percent to ease the companies financial crisis .
Then , my allowance is cut 20 percent by my wife .
Then , my allowance was reduced 20 percent by my wife .
I can not drink with my subordinate .
I can not drink as frequently with my subordinates anymore .
I will buy small cakies for my wife ( family ) , and will negotiate the incease my allowance .
I will buy small cakes for my wife ( and family ) , and I hope I can negotiate an increase in my allowance .
I bought the blue - ray / hard - disk recorder on installment last year , and keep paying a loan from my allowance .
I bought the blue - ray / hard - disk recorder on installment last year , and will keep repaying my hire - purchase agreement from my allowance .
But the hard - disk is almost full with my wife 's TV program ( SMAP , Arashi , . . . . . ) .
Today , My wife will watch the TV program ; SMAP - SMAP that was recorded by my wife at yesterday night .
Today , My wife will watch the TV program ; SMAP - SMAP that was recorded by my wife at last night .
Please increase my allowance .
I really hope my wife will increase my allowance .

Good morning
Good morning .
I am drinking coffee and I awoke .
I woke up and now I am drinking coffee .
Today I go to study English in library .
Today I 'm going to study English in the library .
I do my best .
I 'll do my best .

Nice to meet you !
Nice to meet you !
I 'm coming this site for the first time .
My name is ai - ko .
I 'm a Japanse in Hokkaido .
I 'm Japanese , living in Hokkaido .
I want to learn English !
I 'm going to take an English licensee on June . , so I study English more harder ! !
I 'm going to take an English licensee in June , so I want to study English harder ! !
My hobby is listening to music , playing the bass , reading books , and more , but I like traveling the best of all .
My hobby is listening to music , playing the bass , reading books , and more , but I like traveling the best of all .
My hobbies are listening to music , playing the bass , reading books , and more , but I like traveling the best of all .
I have been to Japan except for Okinawa .
I have been everywhere in Japan except for Okinawa .
Japan has many wonderful places .
If you have interesting about Japan , I 'll introduce you many information .
If you have an interest in Japan , I 'll introduce you to much information .
Please send me messages !

I am very proud that Mandarin is my mother tongue .
Chinese characters are difficult to learn .
However , every one whose mother tongue are Mandarin will be able to recognize Chinese characters since they are 4 years old .
However , everyone whose mother tongue is Mandarin will be able to recognize Chinese characters from about 4 years old .
I remember I recognize Chinese characters through reading the comic books whose name is `` DORAEMON `` .
I remember I recognized ( or learned ? ) Chinese characters through reading the comic books called `` DORAEMON `` .
Before , I had been asking `` are you signing or just speaking `` by a Macedonia girl .
Once , a Macedonian girl asked me `` are you singing or just speaking ? ``
There are 5 tones in the Mandarin .
Therefore , sometimes it 's like signing .
Therefore , sometimes it 's like singing .
Besides , there are many words which have the same meaning but more elegant .
My major was Chinese literature .
Thus , my friends can write gorgeous and delicate articles .
In Mandarin , we should let the words we use be short but more meaningful .
I hope foreigners can enjoy Mandarin . : )

Independent animations
I like not only live action movies but also animations .
I prefer independent animations rather than popular ones .
I often see them in movie theaters and on DVD .
And yet , I can ` t see many independent animations because they are not so popular .
I sometimes search them on youtube as well .
A lot of good animations are made in many countries like Russia , Czech , and Canada .
A lot of good animations are made in many countries like Russia , The Czech Republic , Canada and of course in Japan .
Of course - - in Japan .
Many young creators are making good works in these days .
You can see some trailers on youtube .
Atsushi Wada is just awesome !

A busy day !
Today we got three calves .
All of them were female .
All of them are female .
It was luky for our dairy farm .
It is good for our dairy farm because
After Two years , they will product milk for us .
after Two years , they will produce milk for us .

CocoonTower
Today , I visit CocoonTower at Shinjyuku in Tokyo .
CocoonTower is a building of vocational school .
There is a big bookstore in B1 floor and B2 floor of this building .
There is a big bookstore on B1 floor and B2 floor .
I went to the bookstore .
CocoonTower has very strange general view .
CocoonTower looks really strange .
Watch it with Google Street View at this url .
Look at it with Google Street View at this url .
I heard that , in emergency upper part of the building open for landing of helicopter .
I heard that , in an emergency , the upper part of the building opens up for the landing of helicopters .

It 's snowing
It 's snowing today .
Too cold ! !
In Tokyo , we have snow only once or twice a year and the snow does not stay on the ground .
By the way , today Sasuke ( Ninja something ) was been broadcasted .
By the way , today Sasuke ( Ninja something ) was broadcasted live .
I did not know Sasuke is popular in the U .
I was suprised a lot .

Quality paper
A Japanese blogger wrote a entry about `` Foreign affairs report `` , this is the most affective quality paper in the world .
A Japanese blogger wrote an entry about `` Foreign affairs report `` , this is the most affective quality paper in the world .
I want to read it once !
I want to read it once !
These days I have much interest about international incidents .
These days I have much interest ininternational incidents .
However , it 's too expensive for me to buy . . . .
However , it 's too expensive for me to buy it . . . .
It costs me 2200 yen ( about 20 dollors ) , this is equal to my food expence for 1 week .
It costs me 2200 yen ( about 20 dollors ) , this which is equal to my weekly food expences
It costs me 2200 yen ( about 20 dollars ) , and this is equal to my weekly food expenses .
I 'm going to ask the university 's library to buy it !
I 'm going to ask the university 's library to buy it !

I ring his phone somethime .
But I do n't know my real mind .
But I do n't know how I really feel .
I mean I do n't know what to think about him .
I mean , I do n't know what to think about him .
When I feel lonely ,
I just feel like taking with him .
I just feel like talking to him .
I just feel this , but
I feel this , but
I do n't want to think this is love .
I do n't want to think that this is love .
My best friend says that girls should be persue by boys otherwise
My best friend says that girls should be persued by boys otherwise
your heart might be hurt by thinking own lover too much .
your heart might get hurt by thinking about your lover too much .
I agree with her .
However I ca n't help ringing his phone though
However I ca n't help ringing him .
he hardly call me .
he hardly calls me .
I know he takes advantage of me .
I become selfish when my heart is filled with a person .
That 's why I do n't want to love someone .

Which Is Correct ?
Which is correct ?
Which one is correct ?
1 ) I sent a email to him .
1 ) I sent an email to him . < < This is correct
2 ) I sent to him a email .

I was watching TV with my son .
The program was `` Mickey Mouse Club House `` .
Mickey sometimes said `` Hot Dog ! ``
I thought `` Why Hot dog ? ? ? `` Bread with sausage ?
But It does n't match such a thing .
But it does n't match such a thing .
As I used the dhictionary , I knew that means `` That 's right `` .
I looked it up in the dictionary and found out that it means , `` That 's right . ``
It 's interesting , is n't it ?
What I wanna know , this expression is childih or not ?
What I wanna know , is this expression is childish or not ?
What I wanna know is if this expression childish or not ?
What I wanna know is , is this expression childish or not ?
If adults use this sentence , is that strange ?
If adults use this sentence , is it strange ?

Questions - In Need of Help
One of my friends asked me for help with his English composition .
I could n't confidently do him the favor as I know my English is broken English .
I could n't help him with much confidence because / since I know my English is n't perfect .
However I did somehow , but still in need of help .
I did my best , but it could still be improved .
So , may I ask you to correct these sentences for grammatical error ?
1 ) This is to show my willing to learn sincerely .
1 ) This shows ( is an example of ) my genuine willingness to learn .
2 ) This has been a good opportunity for understanding the difference from others .
2 ) This has been a good opportunity learn about our differences .
3 ) I put my priority to other people and put their needs before mine and always make myself lower .
4 ) Not only in the military , but also while working in the restaurant , and everywhere I 've been in , There apparently has been the concept of rank engaged .
4 ) Everywhere I 've worked in Korea and everywhere I 've been , a person 's rank is of significant issue .
5 ) I 'm on my way to take the bus .
5 ) I 'm going to catch the bus .
I 'm going to take the bus .
I 'm going to take the bus .
6 ) I take a bus to go home .
/ I take the bus which goes home .
/ I take the no . 23 bus which get to the way where my home is . /
I take the bus # 23 to get home .
I step in the bus .
I got on the bus .
/ I get into the bus . /
I get on the bus .
7 ) I get off the bus .
/ I step out of the bus .
/ I get off the bus .
8 ) while in the bus , I have my head leaned against the window and listen to mp3 files .
8 ) While on the bus , I lean my head against the window and listen to mp3 files .

I felt down today . .
The day has been wasted on this and that .
I took a day off . .

My nick name is macchi ^ ^
Please call me macchi : D
Im beginer at this site > < ;
I 'm new to this site > < ;
I hope to use English fluentry some day . . . . .
I hope I will become able to speak English fluently some day . . . . .
And I want to make friends in this site : D
And I want to make friends using this site : D
Please speak to me ^ ^
oh ~ it ` s very cold today !
Oh ! It 's very cold today !
I think I ` m already to cold ! although it ` s 10 degree ! but I think is very cold today !
I think it 's already to cold ! Even though it ` s 10 degrees , I still think it is very cold today !
haha ! so and you what ` s the weather today in your homeland ! ?
haha ! So what is the weather like today in your country ?
can you talking to me ! ?
Will you talk with me ?

Otra semana , another second
The time seems do n't to have end T .
Time seems to have no end .
and we are traped in . . .
And we are trapped .
we just have a little , little . . . . .
to see , what the time is in our lifes
the time in our lives go by ,
and dont understand . . .

Why nobody correct my diary
Why nobody correct my diary ?
Why has n't anybodycorrected my diary ?
Why nobody correct my diary ?
I wrote three diaries , while only the first one was corrected .
I wrote three diaries , but only the first one was corrected .
The other two are just there and I suspected that if anybody read it .
The other two are just there , I suspected that noone read it .
I hope I can get improvement from you whole .
I hope I can get improvement from you all .
But now since nobody correct my composition , I do n't know what mistakes I have had .
But now since nobody correct my composition , I do n't know what mistakes I have made .
I do n't know how to correct them .
I hope you can read my diaries and give me advice .
I hope you can read my diaries and give me advices .
I need to improve my English , anybody , thanks .
I need to improve my English , , thanks .
Maybe what I wrote involved something personal , but I hope you can correct my mistakes most on expression and so on about language .
Maybe what I wrote involved something personal , but I hope you can correct my mistakes , most on expressions , language , and so on .
Thanks .

I got my acceptance letter day before yesterday for American University starting in August , so I am going to apply for a visa soon .
I got my acceptance letter the day before yesterday for an American University starting in August , so I am going to apply for a visa soon .
The procedure is not as easy as I expected .
There are so many rules , and I have to prepare documents , pictures and so on .
I will go to my high school to receive my school report tomorrow .
By the way , I took TOEFL last weekend .
By the way , I took the TOEFL last weekend .
By the way , I took the TOEFL last weekend .
I was really shocked because my speaking skill has fallen considerably .
I was really shocked because my speaking skills has fallen considerably .
I was really shocked because my speaking skills have fallen considerably .
I realized it 's important to continue practicing conversation in a daily life .
I realized that it 's important to continue practicing conversation daily in life .
I realized it 's important to continue practicing conversation in my daily life .
I realized it 's important to continue practicing conversation in daily life .

I have dicided to try my best to study English .
I have decided to try my best to study English .
From now on , I will listen English dialogue every day .
I will throw away my inferiority complex to open my mouth .
I will throw away my inferiority complex and open my mouth .
I want to be a translator .
Because I want to read origional edition books and translate them .
Because I want to read original edition books and translate them .
I want those who read books I have translated to understand what have said in the books .
I want those who read books I have translated to understand what is said in the books .
Can I do it ?

It 's hot !
I had my hair cut today .
I got my hair cut today .
I had a hair cut today .
I got a hair cut today .
Which one is better ?
I do n't think `` hair `` is a countable noun when you say about the whole part on your head , so it ca n't be `` a hair `` . . .
I do n't think `` hair `` is a countable noun when you 're talking about the whole part on your head , so it ca n't be `` a hair `` . . .
Then , would it be `` a haircut `` ? `` I had a haircut today `` ?
I 'm confused with these .
It 's really hot and humid now at Tokyo , and I could not endure this heat and humidity with my hair which was pretty long for guys .
It 's really hot and humid now in Tokyo , and I could not endure this heat and humidity with my hair which was pretty long for guys .
It 's really hot and humid now in Tokyo , and I could not endure this heat and humidity with my hair - which was pretty long for guys .
Also I did n't go for a haircut for long time , so my hair was quite longer than usual .
Also I did n't go for a haircut for long time , so my hair was quite a bit longer than usual .
Well , it 'll be easier to overcome this summer with this hair : )
Well , it 'll be easier to overcome this summer heat ( or weather ) with this hair : )

The Problem of Guns Controlling
I have seen a very terrible news from the internet .
A two - years - old baby shot his mother to death unpurposely in America .
A two - year - old baby unintentionally shot his mother to death in America .
Although the police asked him the process of this sad thing , but they thought they could not get clear message from this baby .
I think it is a serious problem in America .
I also doubt about the baby 's father .
It is a sorrow .
It is a shame .

Golden Week
Japanese long vacation has begun ! !
I did n't expected that I 'm busy despite the holiday .
But that gives me great fun : )
Now , I 'm home and I 'm writing this diary after a long absence .
Now I 'm home and I 'm writing this diary after a long absence .
Topic of today 's diary is event of last Saturday .
Topic of today 's diary is the event of last Saturday .
The topic of today 's diary is the event of last Saturday .
The weather of the day had been forecasted bad weather , but the day is a fine day ! !
The weather of the day had been forecasted to be bad , but the day was a fine day ! !
The weather for that day had been forecasted to be bad , but it was a fine day ! !
I and my friends went to a facility for BBQ ! !
My friends and I went to a facility for BBQ ! !
In the place , we ate some fresh fish and could see the sea at the same time .
At the place / At there , we ate some fresh fish and could see the sea at the same time .
And after we went to a general store , a cafe , and so on .
And after that we went to a general store , a cafe , and so on .
We had a good time ; )
Let 's enjoy spending the rest of holidays ! !
Let 's enjoy spending the rest of the holidays ! !
Today 's picture is the BBQ look : )

To an ordinary chinese famer , cancer maybe the last illness he want to be related with .
To an ordinary Chinese famer , cancer might the last illness he wants to deal with .
What he gets from hard work can only make for his daily necessities .
What he earns from hard work can only cover his daily necessities .
They never ask anything more in their lives .
They never ask for anything more in their lives .
A healthy body , a intact family , not that much good food , in their minds , it 's just life .
However , sorrow seems would n't let they pass .
My uncle now is facing this problem .
A weeks ago , he was diagonsed having liver cancer .
A few weeks ago , he was diagonsed with having liver cancer .
Going to Shanghai and receving operation can rescue him .
Going to Shanghai and getting an operation can save him .
All those will cost at least 150000 yuan .
This will cost at least 150000 yuan .
That 's the point .
Where to get money ?
Where will he get the money ?
it 's a peice of case for most even not so rich people .
We relatives also ca n't give him a hand , since we are all poor .
We relatives ca n't lend him a hand , since we are all poor .
In fact , China is stronger than before , polarization of rich and poor is deeper .
Even though China is stronger than before , polarization of rich and poor is deeper .
When would medicine system be perfect ?
When will the medical ( healthcare ) system be perfect ?
And famers wo n't worry about illness one day ?
So that one day , famers wo n't have to worry about illness ?

Kind of ( the ) music
Kinds of music
Could you tell me the difference between `` Symphony music `` , `` Instrumental music `` and `` Musical music `` ?
The difference between `` studying English `` and `` learning English `` ?

My eldest daughter wants to be a patissier for her dream .
She is trying to cook various food which she is interested in .
She is trying to cook various foods which she is interested in .
She cooks every day during her summer vacation with her mother .
These are some of her work .
These are some of her works .
They look delicious , do n't they ? ; )

I did n't go to the gym today .
Yeah , I did n't go to the gym today .
I used to go there and work out almost everyday .
Thesedays even three times a week is hard .
I started working out from this June so it 's been almost five months .
I started working out since June so it 's been almost five months .
When I first thought of registering the gym program , I hesitated .
When I first thought of about registering at the gym , I hesitated .
Since I considered myself not so consistent , I was afraid that it might ends up a waste of money .
Since I considered myself not so consistent , I was afraid that it might end up as a waste of money .
But see , I still go there !
It 's so amazing !
There is a dissappointment , though .
I expected dramatical weight loss as the cases I sometimes watch in reality TV shows .
People come into the shows with their extremely fat bodies and a couple of months later , when the show is about to finish , they have nice and thin body .
They walk out the show and have a new life ; become more confident and active .
I wanted that could happen to me , too .
I wanted if that could happen to me , too .
I lost 3kg in 3 months time .
Do n't you think it 's too slow ?
And I gained 4kg after a month later .
And I gained 4kg a month later .
I guess that is because of my bad eating habbit .
I guess that is because of my bad eating habits
Recently , I get stressed out from my new work place and it makes me to eat a lot after I come back home .
Mostly I eat snacks and high calorie foods .
Mostly I eat snacks and foods with high calories .
I hope myself to get used to my new job soon and to get no stress anymore .

On a Diet
I gained some weight recently so I decided to go on a diet .
I have been doing aerobics for over ten years and exercised regularly until a few months ago .
However I do n't work out very much these days .
I 've been so busy and had to do extra works since this spring .
I 'm an elementary school teacher and became a homeroom teacher for the 6th grade this April .
That 's why my overwork has been increasing .
I 've made up my mind to do aerobics for at least half an hour , three days a week and do muscle training every day .
I 'm looking forward to having a swimming class at my school and I want to look good in a swimsuit at the poolside then .

I went to eat a humberger by bike .
I went to eat a hamburger by bike .
I went , by bike , to eat a hamburger .
That 's all , but it was good .
That 's all . It was good !

self - introduction
Self introduction
I realized that I had forgotten greeting .
I 'm sorry .
Although I late writting , let me introduce myself .
Although it 's late , let me introduce myself .
My name is satomi .
My name is Satomi .
Please call me sato .
I 'm a university student .
I 'm intersted in japanese culture . ( ex .
I 'm interested in japanese culture . ( ex .
kabuki , ukiyoe , and japanes ideas and so on )
kabuki , ukiyoe , and japanese ideas and so on )
And My favorite actor is Johnny Depp ! I think he is very cool ! !
And my favorite actor is Johnny Depp ! He is very cool ! !
The actor who japanes is Watanabe Ken .
And my favorite Japanese actor is Watanabe Ken .
I study English hard and I want to read a book that written abaut Japan in English .
Thank you !

An unwelcome favor
NHK ( Japanese famous television station ) introduced `` Lang - 8 `` yesterday .
Lang - 8 had been heavy for 7 hours this evening because many Japanese who watched NHK registered this service .
This happening has good effect for foreign country 's people who are studying Japanese because many Japanese people will correct their Japanese .
This has a good effect on people in foreign countries who are studying Japanese because many Japanese people will correct their Japanese .

I 've got to lose weight .
I 'm now watching a TV programme on some effective and efficient ways
I 'm now watching a TV program on some effective and efficient ways
to lose weight healthily .
Some plump Japanese celebrities try out
a variety of methods and struggle to reach their respective target weight .
As I 've gained weight by some 3kg these days , I 've begun to think of
going on a diet .
So the TV programme meet my needs .
So the TV program meets my needs .
In other words ,
that gives me exactly what I 've been wanting to know .
However , somthing still remains uncertain .
However , something still remains uncertain .
That 's whether I could take action or not .
That 's whether I should take action or not .
Have I changed ?
Today , I saw a PV which my favorite artist group has just released .
They 've been my sunshine .
They gave me lots of power and love .
They give me lots of power and love .
But I ca n't feel them anymore .
Maybe because they released a song in English and of strange makeup .
But I think something in my mind has changed .
I feel sorry about that .

At class ; )
Now I am at university .
This class is Cyber - English .
I choose this topic *
When you 're feeling sad , what do you do to feel better ?
When I feel sad , I talk with friends in the first .
When I feel sad , I talk with friends at first hand .
My friends are really kind .
I like them .
And I will go shopping to look something happy .
And I also go shopping and look for something happy .
How about you ?
Thank you < 3

Without electricity
Today I woke up , and my dad said , that we do n't have electricity .
Today I woke up , and my dad said that we did n't have any electricity .
: ( I was very sad .
I did n't know what can I do all day .
I did n't know what I could do all day .
But I was creative . : P I went to the shop .
I cleaned , I learned .
I cleaned , I studied .
I did some excercises in spanish .
I did some exercises in Spanish .
And I realised , that I have to develop .
And I realised , that I have to improve .
: S Becouse I do n't know so many words , for example : egg - huevo .
: S Because I do n't know so many words , for example : egg - huevo .
Yeah it is very difficult , becouse I always say hueso , which mean bone .
Yeah it is very difficult , because I always say hueso , which means bone .
And I realised , that we , people ca n't live without elecrticity , we need it all the time .
And I realised that people ca n't live without electricity , we need it all the time .
And it is very sad .
It 's very sad .
I need it so much .
After that we had electricity I turned on the computer and I made some tests in english , and I get 28 - 27 points of 50 .
Once we had electricity , I turned on the computer and I did some tests in english , and I got 28 - 27 points out of 50 .
And I think it is bad .
I think it is bad .
I want to develop my knowledge .
I will go to England , and I hope , that I will learn a little .
I will go to England , and I hope that I will learn a little .
Thank You for read or correct it .
Thank you for reading or correcting it .
Have a nice day . : )

Fourth Day
We had a different teacher today again .
We had a different teacher again today .
Actually in this three days , we have had three different teacher for each day .
Actually in the past three days , we have had three different teachers . One for each day .
They were all nice though .
What I did today is ; we had a disscussion about marriage in the morning class and did a vocabulary quize .
What our class did today is ; we had a discussion about marriage in the morning class and then a vocabulary quiz .
In the afternoon class we talked about personalities ; and then went on to the movie .
For the afternoon class , we talked about personalities and then we watched a movie .
I 'm curious about how it ends .
I have to wait till monday .
I have to wait until Monday .
Tomorrow I have no afternoon class , so I 'm going to go shopping in Downtown and get something for Lama , my hostmother 's grandchildren , for his birthday .
I have no afternoon class tomorrow , so I 'm going to go Downtown for some shopping and get something for Lama , my host mother 's grandchild , for his birthday .
He 's leaving the house on Tuesday .
I 'll miss him .
He 's very funny and is a real good guy .
He 's very funny , and a real good guy .
He taught me a lot of slangs so far .
He taught me a lot of slang words & phrases so far .
He 's going to back to Phineas where he works and he will have hiss wedding out there !
He 's going to back to Phineas where he works and he will have his wedding out there !
I wish him a safe trip and happy wedding .
I wish him a safe trip and a happy wedding .

Old books
I 'm reading Christma Carol , and I 'm wondering about whether there are any differences between English used 100 years ago and one used now .
I 'm reading `` A Christmas Carol , `` and I 'm wondering about whether there are any differences between the English used 100 years ago and the English used now .
I can recognize the difference between Japanese used 100 years ago and one used now easily .
I can recognize the difference between Japanese used 100 years ago and now easily .
I can recognize the difference between Japanese used 100 years ago and Japanese used now easily .
How about this in English ?
How about in English ?

Language Exchange
I have been sniveling and sneezing since yesterday .
Is this any allergy ?
Is this any ( kind of ) allergy ?
What allergy is this now ?
I saw my son 's music concert last Saturday .
He is 11 years old .
Many mothers and fathers saw their children 's perfomance .
It was so great !
And so , today is a Monday makeup holiday .
My son is playing a game on Wii from this morning .
My son is playing a game on Wii this morning .
We had lived in the US and came back to Japan this summer .
I want my children 's English keep and improve .
I want my children 's English to keep improving .
My son tried a Skype English Lesson , but he didi n't like it .
My son tried a Skype English Lesson , but he did n't like it .
I 'm interested in language exchange for him on Skype now .
If you are interested in it , please let me know !

[ The first ]
Hi , my name is Anna .
There is my first letter here . ) I live in Russia and stady in school .
This is my first letter . I live in Russia and study in school .
Now I 'm in 10 form .
Some days ago our English teacher told about exchange in the USA for one year .
Some days ago our English teacher told us about an exchange program in the USA for one year .
This information appear me really inteesting because I want visit the USA for learning English !
This information appears reall interesting to me because I want visit the USA to learn English !
Yesterday I founded some information about this pogram at the internet .
Yesterday I found some information about this program on the internet .
And I read that all students must have some competitions before .
And I read that all students must have had some English studies before . ( challenges )
First of all , they must pass the school 's programm tests .
First , applicants must pass the school 's program tests .
After that , when they did it well , thay must came here again after week and wrote essay and the second test .
If a participant passes the tests , he or she must came here again after a week and write an essay for the second test .
Then , when commission deside that you did it well again , you must came here again and write some tests again .
Then , when commissions decides that the applicant did well , , you must write for more tests .
So , I think that it will be really hard , but I want to control my own knowledge !
How do you think , can I pass this competitions ? ? ? = )
What do you think ? Can I pass the challenges ? ? ? = )

Meaning of My Daughters Name !
My next English lesson is a speech , so I have to make a speech to explain meaning of our name .
I 'm going to talk about my daughters name .
My wife and I named her `` Mana . ``
The Chinese characters mean `` Jasmine . ``
We wanted her to be beautiful like that .
And in Melanesia it 's believed that `` Mana `` has a power of mystery .
We want to believe this name help her .
We want to believe that this name will help her .

I joined Lang - 8 for entertainment
I joined Lang - 8 for fun
This service looks interesting !
I 'm Japanese speaker .
Nice to meet you , everyone .
I like English music .
Now I 'm listening frou frou .
I will correct Japanese diary , but this service is little busy . . . : - /
I will correct Japanese diary , but this service is a little busy . . . : - /

Let Me Call You Sweetheart . . .
I was feeling a little blue this weekend .
I look forward to weekends when I allow myself a little luxury of eating out .
It 's a lot of fun walking around the town and try various kinds of food ; North Indian , South Indian , Nepalese , Thai , Mexican , Turkish , Greek . . . .
But this weekend I was somewhat discouraged .
Because so many restaurants put `` VALENTINE ' S DINNER `` ads !
Because so many restaurants ( had ) put up `` VALENTINE ' S DINNER `` ads !
Usually I have no trouble going into a restaurant by myself .
I sit at a table , look at the menu , order whatever I 'm interested in , and take home what I can not finish .
But this weekend , almost all the restaurants I had been attracted had `` SPECIAL VALENTINE ' S DINNER FOR TWO `` .
I felt as if I was an uninvited customer .
`` Ah , blue Valentine . . .
Maybe it 's much better to cook for myself at home today , `` I said to myself on my way to church this morning .
Toward the end of the worship this morning , the priest suddenly started singing a song which did not sound like a hymn .
Let me call you `` Sweetheart , `` I 'm in love with you .
Let me hear you whisper that you love me too .
Keep the love - light glowing in your eyes so true .
Let me call you `` Sweetheart , `` I 'm in love with you .
Everyone in the chapel joined the priest .
I heard this song for the first time .
It is a very popular song for Valentine 's Day here , I suppose .
What a heart - warming experience it is that people share a special song for St .
Valentaine 's Day !
Valentine 's Day !
Happy St .
Valentine 's Day , every one !
Let Me Call You Sweetheart

A Big Shake
Yesterday I edited a film for an entire day .
It was assigned by my teacher and going to present at next 's thursday .
It was assigned by my teacher and I am going to present it next thursday .
After finishing it , I fell asleep soon .
After finishing it , I soon fell asleep .
After finishing it , I quickly fell asleep .
Suddenly , I felt my bed shaking , then the whole building too !
Suddenly , I felt my bed shaking and the whole building too !
I was frightened to jump from my bed at that time , when I just had had a dream .
I was too frightened to jump out of my bed at that time because I had just come out of a dream .
I thought about what should I do if the next big shake comes , like the stuff bringing with and the calling to my sleepful mother .
I thought about what I should do if the next big shake comes , like what stuff to bring with me and calling my sleeping mother .
I thought about what I should do if the next big shake came , like what stuff to bring and calling my sleeping mother .
Fortunately , after a while , it seemed like no more earthquake would come , and I fell asleep again soon .
Fortunately , after a while it seemed like no more earthquakes would come , and I soon fell asleep again .
In fact the situation has been quite often at Taiwan , where the coutry have located at a active seismic belt .
In fact the situation has been quite frequent in Taiwan , because the country is located at an active seismic belt .
It 's not first time for me , though .
It 's not the first time for me , though .
I still felt it scaring , especailly the terrible one in China had just passed by .
I still felt scared , especially because the terrible one in China had just happened .
It took so many people 's life , made thousands of people homeless , and crushed China 's economics .
It took so many people 's lives , made thousands of people homeless , and crushed China 's economy .
I really can do nothing to be against the nature .
I really can do nothing against nature .
I really ca n't do anything to stop nature .
Maybe all we can do is to accept it and be stronger .
Maybe all we can do is accept it and be stronger .
We should not blame on the nature , or anything .
We should not blame nature or anything else .
Even though we could predict earthquakes after dozen of years , the prevention we can do is still accept it and leave before it happens .
It 's not revenge of earth .
It 's not the revenge of the earth .
It 's not a bad omen for 2008 Olympics , either .
It 's not a bad omen for the 2008 Olympics , either .
It is just a natural event for human to become solidified and accustomed to it .
It is just a natural event that humans have to get accustomed to .
I very pity the victims of that earthquake .
I really pity the victims of that earthquake .
I Hope they could go through the disaster soon .
I hope they can get through the disaster soon .

winter vacation
I go to Tokyo in winter vacation .
I went to Tokyo during winter vacation .
Because I go to see my father , I feel to crowed , more thanTokyo , another , I go to Yushima temple , and various prayer . and than feel to important cultural heritage .
I went to go see my father , I felt very crowded . I also wen toYushima temple . After various prayers I began to feel the important cultural heritage .

My job is CAD operation .
I 'm use Auto cad .
I use Auto cad .
This CAD useing world .
This is a CAD using world .
But I am Japanese .
Command is very difficult .
Auto cad is have Short cut key .
Auto cad has Short cut key ( s ? ) .
Short cut key is very convenient .
Shortcut keys are very convenient .
Circle = c
Triming = tr
Does Someome use Autocad ?
Does anyone use Autocad ?

How is the difference between `` would n't `` and `` did n't `` in the sentence of my text ?
What is the difference between `` would n't `` and `` did n't `` in the sentence of my text ?
In this time , My question is the differnce of meaning in two phrases .
This time , my question is about the difference of meaning between two phrases .
The first phrase is `` I [ would n't ] have known the difference . ``
The another is `` I [ did n't ] know the differnce . ``
The other is `` I [ did n't ] know the differnce . ``
For example , I wore your shoes home by mistake because your shoes are very similar to my shoes .
So , you said to me `` You wore shoes home by mistake . ``
So , you said to me `` You wore my shoes home by mistake . ``
I said to you `` I whoud n't have known the difference ``
I said to you `` I would n't have known the difference ``
Can I use `` I did n't know the difference `` in this situation ?
And How do two phrases change these meaning ?
And how do the two phrases change the meaning ?
Could you teach me the difference of two phrases ?
Could you teach me the difference between the two phrases ?

I 've cleaned my computer data .
Now , I 've cleaned my computer data to reinstall Microsoft Windows .
I think you say `` What happen `` ?
I think you will say `` What happened `` ?
Yesterday , I sence that my computer ca n't input sounds from line - in .
Yesterday , I sensed that my computer could n't input sounds from line - in .
( It 's very bad . if nothing is done , I ca n't compose soundtracks . )
( That is very bad . If nothing is done about it , I ca n't compose soundtracks . )
I thinked its a driver issue and reinstalled sound drivers .
I thought it was a driver issue and reinstalled the sound drivers .
But , It 's wrong , And now I 'm trying reinstall OS .
But , that was wrong and now I 'm trying to reinstall the OS .
Now , I 've installed driver !
I installed the driver . . .
. . but , my computer ca n't recoding . . .
. . but , my computer still ca n't record anything . . .
mmm . . .
This action is wrong , too . . .
That action was wrong , too . . .
I 'll buy a new soundboard . . . = (

anyone is ok
Anyone is ok .
Just I do not wanna be alone .
I just do n't wanna be alone .
Please do n't leave me alone .
Please be with me here .
Why are n't you here now ?
Hey , my friends .
Do you still remember me ?
Please let me believe it . . .
Damn me . . .
Damn it . . .

My entire body has hurt .
My entire body has hurt since last saturday .
I played snowbording .
I was snowbording .
I was fun .
It was fun .
But my muscles were tired because of my age .
But my muscles are tired because of my age .
I get old than before .
I am older than before .

I have add Interview .
I have an ad interview .
Today , I have a Promise of an add Interview at 14 : 30 in the Kitakyushu .
I feel excited !
Because I had so great Interview at last night .
Because I had such a great interview last night .

SLAM DUNK
Today my mood is low because it is rainy .
Today I 'm in a bad mood because it is raining .
Today , I 'm in a bad mood because it is raining .
I ca n't play outside .
I ca n't go outside .
My best comic is SLAM DUNK .
It is basketball comic .
It is a comic ( manga ) about basketball .
Do you know ?
Have you heard of it ?

It is ending long winter .
Today it 's rather warm here in Japan and I feel it is ending a long winter of this season .
What a relief !
Meanwhile they say the global warming is developing and that the earth is getting warmer and warmer .
Meanwhile they say global warming is getting worse and that the earth is getting warmer and warmer .
But let me think about it like this ;
The earth is said to be 4 . 5 billion years old now and we , human being , is just 10000 years old .
Our history is no less than . 000002 percent compared to the earth 's history .
Our history is less than . 000002 percent of the earth 's history .
They say human being is damaging the earth , which I think is maybe true .
They say human beings are damaging the earth , which I think is maybe true .
But what if the earth takes a short hiccough and turns into a freezing season for a SHORT time , let 's say , for one or two hundred years from now on ?
I do n't want to imagine it but it 's possible .

ski school
I went to ski school by bus .
During a two nights ' stay , we skied 2 hour in the morning and in the afternoon too .
During a two nights ' stay , we skiied 2 hours in the morning and in the afternoon too .
First time snow was powdery , but later snow changed artificial .
The first time , the snow was powdery , but later it became artificial .
At dinner , my friends jokingly put a lot of sugar , salt , pepper , and vegetable into others tea .
We enjoyed to educational school trip .
We enjoyed the educational school trip .

I ` d like to work in Zama camp .
I , d like to work in Zama camp .
I 'd like to work in Zama camp .
Because , I like English and U .
Because , I like the English Language and US .
But , my English isn ` t very good .
But I ca n't speak English very well .
my friend said English was easy .
A friend of mine said that English was easy .
I ` ll try to study English .
I ` m going to study TOFUL ibt .

Jul 31 2011 .
A effect of quitting smoking .
Recently I was very sleepy than few weeks ago .
I thought I was sick .
I understood that it was withdrawal symptoms of quitting smoking when I investigate the cause .
I understood that it was a withdrawal symptom of quitting smoking when I investigated the cause .
But , I have to keep a non - smoking !
But , I have to keep myself from smoking !
I will drink coffee instead of smoke .
Still , I am sleepy . . .

Encounter
Today I want to tell about one more my hobby .
Today I want to talk about one more of my hobbies .
It is the game .
Encounter .
I interested in it when studied at the first year ( now I finish the third ) .
I became interested in it whenI was infirst year ( I 've just finished the third year now ) .
I don ` t know whether you know about this game .
I don ` t know whether you know about this game .
This game was created in Belarus , Mr .
This game was created in Belarus by Mr .
Ivan Masljukov .
The basic idea of game consists in performance of various tasks for districts for a while .
The basic idea of game consists of the performance of various tasks for districts for a while .
The winner of game the player or a command , is considered the first finished all levels .
The winner of the game is the player or the command that is the first to finish all of the levels .
Thus the quantity of tasks , sequence of their performance , time for performance of one task are not regulated by rules and established by authors under their discretion .
Thus the quantity of tasks , sequence of their performance , time for performance of one task are not regulated by rules and are established by the authors under their discretion .
Tasks you can find on a game site .
It is very fascinating game !
Game passes at the night .
The game takes place at night .
And all the night your friends and you travel about the city , solve riddles , search for codes and treasures in the most improbable places .
And all night your friends and you travel about the city , solve riddles , search for codes and treasures in the most improbable places .
It can be both the thrown not completed building and the thrown garages .
It can be both in the uncompleted building and in the garages .
Anywhere !
It actually is cheerful and fascinating !

Need More Effort ?
Probably I have to open Lang - 8 more often and write English like daily because I realize that my writing speed is still so slow .
It usually takes some time to write down my ideas / thoughts .
It usually takes ( me ) some time to write down my ideas and thoughts .
Grad students are required some academic skills .
Grad students are required to have some academic skills .
Reading and writing are most of them , and maybe discussion skill as well .
Reading and writing are the most important , and maybe discussion skills as well .
Reading and writing are most of them , and maybe discussion skills as well .
Anyway , I try to write something in here as much as possible , at least keep doing it for a while .
Anyway , I 'll try to write something on here as much / often as possible , at least keep doing it for a while .
Anyway , I am trying to write something in here as much as possible , at least to keep doing it for a while .
Now I 'm thinking what I am going to write . .
Now I 'm thinking about what I am going to write . .
Thanks .

I have a question .
I 'm not sure
1 ) I 'm not sure
2 ) I have no idea
3 ) I do n't know well
Are those difference ?
What is different nuance ?
What is the different nuance ?
`` Suit Case ``
I had a productive day and it was humid yesterday .
I had a productive day ( when ? ) and it was humid yesterday .
Yesterday was humid , but productive .
By the way I have n't prepared the New York trip yet , first I want to buy a suit case rather large size .
By the way , I have n't prepared forthe New York trip yet , first I want to buy a rather large sized suitcase .
My first preparation for the New York trip will be buying a large suitcase .

The First Day of 2009 !
Jan . 1 , 2009 .
We have already stepped into a different world .
New year , new spirits , new dreams .
You have a whole year 's time ahead , waiting for you to make a differnce .
What a blessing !
Farewell , 2008 ; farewell to all the unhappiness ; farewell to the sorrowful tears .
I hold my head high up towards the first sun rays of this new year .
I have opened my heart .
Well , the New Year wo n't let me down , will it ?
So cold , straight down the spine .
Maybe the first snow is coming .
Standing in the snow is really like entering a wonderland .
How many real snows have the southerners ever seen , anyway ?
I am anticipating a big one , the one which could make you feel you are so powerless when surrounding by it , and feel the beauty of nature and the impulse to cry .
I am anticipating a big one , one , which could make you feel so powerless when surrounded by it , and feel the beauty of nature and the impulse to cry .
All you could see is white , white , white .
All you could see would be white , white , white .
No other colors .
I must say I just experenced those feelings when I was , like 9 , walking in my primary school campus with my mom , with my hand in hers .
I must say I just experienced those feelings when I was , like 9 , walking in my primary school campus with my mom , with my hand in hers .
I can still rember the warmth in her hand .
I can still remember the warmth of her hand .
And I will never forget it .
Love you , mom .
You too , dad .
Happy New Year !

a hot spring
Fukushima is famose for their hot springs and it is n't far away from my house .
Fukushima is famous for its hot springs and it is n't far away from my house .
Fukushima is famous for its hot springs and is n't far from my house .
Fukushima is famous for its hot springs and it 's very close to where I live .
My husband and I went driving up to Iwaki city in Fukushima .
It took us about one hour .
There are many hotels , which have hot spring public bath , around the station there .
There are many hotels , which have hot spring public baths , around the station there .
We went to take a bath at one of the hotels .
It 's open - air bath was really nice and we relaxed .
It 's an open - air bath and was really nice and we relaxed .
The springs are open - air and really nice ; perfect for us to relax .
Today my skin is smooth .
I think it is because of the hot spring .
I wonder . Could it be from the hot springs . . . ?

today , I got to work site
I am a contract engineer .
I am a contract engineer .
I always in office for my work , but today , I first go to work site with
I am always in the office for my work , but not today as I first had to go to work site with an
electric engineer .
electrical engineer .
our work is building Metro .
Our work is to build Metro .
I like my job , I think it 's intersting
I like my job , I think it 's interesting .

Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia 1
I traveled around three countries from 26 April to 4 March .
I traveled around three countries from 26th April to 4th March .
I went to Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia .
I went to Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia .
All of them are wonderful .
I enjoyed my travel .
I 'm going to entry journal about my travel tomorrow .
I 'm going to write an entry in my journal about my trip tomorrow .
Today I 'm writing about the most impression thing .
Today I 'm writing about my greatest impression .
It was a last day on my travel .
It was a last day on my trip
It was the last day of my trip .
I chartered tuktuk for sightseeing .
and I had I chartered a tuktuk to go sightseeing .
I went to the Land Mine Museum .
I went to the Land Mine Museum ,
It is a small museum .
which is a small museum .
It is privately owned by Aki Ra who was child soldier for the Khymer Rogue .
It is privately owned by Aki Ra , who was child soldier for the Khymer Rogue .
When he was a child , his parents were killed by the Khymer Rogue .
He became a child soldier for the Khymer Rogue , then the Vietnamese and finally the Royal Cambodian Army .
When he was a soldier , he laid a lot of land mines .
Now he wants to remove all of land mines in Cambodia .
Now he wants to remove all of the land mines in Cambodia .
A lot of land mines which were removed by Aki Ra are on display in the museum .
A lot of land mines that were removed by Aki Ra are on display in the museum .
Then I went to the Killing Fields .
Many civilians were slaughtered by the Khmer Rouge .
Many civilians were slaughtered by the Khymer Rouge .
There are so many victim 's bones and skulls in the memorial tower .
There are so many victims ' bones and skulls in the memorial tower .
There are a large number of victim 's bones and skulls in the memorial tower .
When I saw them , I could say nothing .
I was shocked at the sight .
I told with tuktuk driver about a lot of things .
I talked with the tuktuk driver about a lot of things .
He told me about the Khmer Rouge , Pol Pot and so on .
He told me about the Khymer Rouge , Pol Pot and so on .
He was not only a driver but also a guide .
He can speak English fluently and can speak Japanese a little .
He spoke English fluently and Japanese a little .
He can speak English fluently and could ( even ) speak Japanese a little .
We told in mixed English and Japanese .
We spoke in a mixture of English and Japanese .
He has a lot of knowledge as a tour guide .
I wondered why he does n't become a tour guide .
I wondered why he had n't become a tour guide .
He said `` if you want a good job , you need a lot of money in Cambodia .
He said `` If you want a good job , you need a lot of money in Cambodia .
I have no money .
Honestly , Cambodia is a corruption society . ``
Honestly , Cambodia is a corrupted society . ``
Honestly , Cambodia has a corrupted society . ``
His words have left a strong impression on my mind .
I think what is my life .
I wonder about my life .
What can I do ?

Brightness
I saw beautiful floral design and I thought I wanted to be bright like that design .
It was impressed .
At the same time , I also felt vain I am not that .
At the same time , I also felt vain since I do n't think that I am quite as brilliant .
So , I decided I would be bright like that floral .
So , I decided I would be bright , just like that floral arrangement .

It be Thursday . From steamy Japan
It is Thursday from steamy Japan
Good evening .
So how is everyone going to spend their summer vacation ?
How is everyone going to spend their summer vacation ?
What would you want to do if you could completely be off ?
What would you want to do if you could take the entire summer off work ?
As far me , I would like to spend reading some art books at my favorite cafe drinking a cup of spiced tea or trip where I have never visited .
As for me , I would like to spend time reading art books at my favorite cafe , while drinking a cup of spiced tea ; or I would take a trip to a place I have never visited .

First blog !
My name is ayana !
My name is Ayana !
I 'm Japanese highschool student .
I 'm a Japanese high school student .
I 'm a Japanese high school student .
I like seeing soccer .
I like watching soccer . { sounds better }
But I do n't play it .
I like sweets !
I often make sweets .
I good at make a tart .
I am good at making tarts .
I 'm good at making tarts .
Bye bye !

Hi , my name is yuuya saitou .
I like traveling , music , and more . .
How about you ?
What do you like ?
Good to see you .
I 'll . . .
I think anything is possible if I try hard .
I 'll study english harder

my family
My family was good terms in a long time ago .
My family was in good terms a long time ago .
My family was in good termsa long time ago .
Mather lives with young sister .
Mother lives with my young sister .
Mother lives with younger sister .
My mother lives with my younger sister
Father lives with elder brother .
Father lives with my elder brother .
My father lives with my older brother
I live alone .
I think they meet often .
maybe they are little good terms even now .
maybe they are still in good terms even now .
maybe they are back on good terms even now .
but I dont know about them .
because not meet recently .
because we did not meet recently .
because I have not meet them recently .
because we have n't met recently
I have a dream .
I just want to make a happy family .
I just want to have a happy family .
Thank you for read ! !
Thank you for reading ! !
Thank you for reading ! !

during exam period . . .
I will write down something I have thought about during exam period .
recently I sleep A LOT . I sleep for about 8 hours and I think this is too much . to make matters worse , I get up at around 10 am ( absolutely TOO LATE ! ) as I usually go to bed at 2 am . I really feel I do n't have time in the morning .
so I will try to do these things to solve this problem :
- go to bed by 1 am ( this would help to get up earlier )
- make my room warmer ( I guess I did n't wanna wake up and leave my bed this morning because it was cold in my room )
these sound only small changes , but I strongly believe these accumulation will lead to big improvement .
these sound like only small changes , but I strongly believe these will lead to big improvement .
in order to concentrate on my work in my room , I will try to keep sitting up straight in a chair . I will not lean back in my chair .
I found that when I can focus on my work , im siting up and feel my head is clear .
I found that when I can focus on my work , I 'm sitting up and feel my head is clear .
( im not 100 % sure but I think this effect is proven by science ) but conversely , when im study ineffectively and so slowly , I lean back in my chair .
so I think if I sit up straight , this would lead to effective work .
ok now its the time to go back to my work . . .

The English class
I take the english class .
I take english classes .
Because I want to taravel and talk people of traveling country .
Because I want to travel and talk to people from other counties .
There are some classmate in the english class .
There are some of my classmate who are in the english class .
The classmate in the english class is stimulus for me .
They have various and excellent purpose .
I listen their purpose then I sink because thier purpose is too excellent .
But I want to the purpose as well as their it .

The Rest .
How is it going ?
We ( My husband and I ) would have go back to Japan on Augast 3rd , but my husband 's work is going to finish early than taht .
We ( My husband and I ) will have go back to Japan on August 3rd , but my husband 's work is going to finish earlier than that .
The last day is July 3rd .
We have plan go to Seattle from July 7th for 4 days ( Actually 3 nights stay ) , so we decided go back to Japan on July 13th .
We have plans go to Seattle from July 7th for 4 days ( Actually 3 nights stay ) , so we decided go back to Japan on July 13th .
We already changed the air tickets .
The rest of our life in Las Vegas is just 45 days ! !

Left - handedness
Left - Handed
I 'm left - handed .
I 'm left - handed ( person ) .
Many years ago , in Japan , left - handed persons were rare .
Many years ago , in Japan , left - handed people were rare .
Many years ago in Japan , left - handed people were rare .
There is a reason .
There is a reason for this .
There is a reason for this .
There is a reason for this .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives - for example , most of tools are made for right - handed persons .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives because most tools are made for right - handed persons for example .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives . For example , most tools are made for right - handed people .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives - for example , most tools are made for right - handed people . ( Good job ! )
They forced their children to use tier right hands .
They forced their children to use their right hands .
They forced their children to use their right hands .
They forced their children to use their right hand to write instead .
In fact , I had some trouble in cutting things with scissors , and my parents made me use my right hand .
In fact , I had trouble cutting things with scissors , and my parents made me use my right hand .
But , one day I fell down and broke my right wrist .
Happily ( ? ) I have been writing or using tools with my left hand .
Happily ( ? ) I have been writing and using tools with my left hand .
Since then I have been happily writing and using tools with my left hand .
However , for the last four or five days , many teachers in Japan have pointed out that the number of left - handed children has been increasing .
However , recently many teachers in Japan have pointed out that the number of left - handed children is increasing .

Sushi - party
Last Saturday , I invited a couple of Japanese girl and Serbian man .
And we had a hand - rolled sushi - party .
We had a hand - rolled sushi - party .
Please look at the first picture .
I have a `` Lazy Susan `` which I got from my grand mother , and I brought it from Japan to here .
Hand - rolled sushi is a little bit different from common sushi .
We can chose ingredients and put them and rices on a laver and roll it by ourselves .
You can choose your own ingredients and put them and rice on layer of seaweed and roll it by yourself .
But I heard that many Europeans and Americans do n't like laver .
But I heard that many Europeans and Americans do n't like seaweed .
Because they might feel the taste is similar to paper !
I can agree with the idea , but I like it !
How about you ?
The food of the second picture is Korean rolled - sushi .
My Korean friend gave me the recipe and I made it and served at the day .
My Korean friend gave me the recipe and I made it and served it that day .
We ate a lot and enjoyed sushi - party !

I 'm happy today
I 'm happy today
My broken leg is better and better , so that I can move around with it , itl 's feel good .
My broken leg is getting better and better so I can move around with it , which feels good .
and the stock maket of China comes back from death today , my stock is up , too .
Also , the Chinese stock maket came back from rock bottom today , so my stock is up
3 % point , it 's a lucky day today , except hot weather .
3 points . It 's a lucky day today , apart from the hot weather .

I eat a spicy hot pot on Sunday noon , but because of chewing not easily so I just eat duck blood and bean curd .
I ate a spicy hot pot on Sunday noon , but because of chewing not easily so I just eat duck blood and bean curd .

I see you for the first time ^ ^
These days I 'm eager to study English .
It is partly because I wanna pass the University I want to , and partly because I just loves English .
It is partly because I wanna pass the University I want to , and partly because I just love English .
If you help me with learning English , let 's Skype !
Though , Unfortunately , I could n't speak English anymore because of the lack of practicing speaking English , I 'll try to .
Though , Unfortunately , I ca n't speak English anymore because of the lack of practicing speaking English , I 'll try to .
I ' ve been looking forward to your best ^ ^
Good - bye
Diet ~ ~ ~
I eat a lunch of fried pork cutlet .
eat fried pork cutlet . . . drink Americano
after . . . . . oh ~ food coma ~ !
wish it to diet ! ! ! !
I wish to diet ! ! ! !
I 'll start tomorrow ~ ~ ! !
um . . . .
Diet success is how do you think ? ?
Do you think about diets ?

View of the cloud sea
I climbed Mt .
FUJI that is top of the mountain in Japan 2 days ago .
FUJI which is the highest mountain in Japan two days ago .
When I 've been climbing , lassitudes coursed through a my body .
But I was refreshed when I 've seen the view of the cloud sea at the top of Mt .
But I became refreshed when I saw the view of the cloud sea as I reached the top of the mountain .
I want to climb again !
I want to climb again !

web 2 . 0 ! !
What the amazing website !
What an amazing website !
Crowd power is going forward language learning .
Social networks are advancing language learning .
Hope I will write diary everyday here to make my eng writing better .

6 / 27 Comfortable
It was cool and comfortable all day . : D
Today was cloudy and drizzling .
Because of it , I was able to concentrate on studying .
I wish tomorrow was as comfortable as today . : )
On the way home I bought birthday present for my friend .
On my way home , I bought a birthday present for my friend .
I hope she will be happy by it .
I hope it will make her happy .
I am studying English now .
Afternoon I will exercise in a near by park .
In the afternoon I will get some exercise in the park near here .
I exercised there yesterday too .
I got some exercise there yesterday too .
I like a sports .
I like sports .
When I was a child , I have been playing baseball .
When I was a child , I played baseball .
I like baseball , snowbording and basketball so I often watch them .
I like baseball , snowbording , and basketball , so I often watch them .
I am excited .
I will go to America with my wife at next year .
I will go to America with my wife next year .
We will watch baseball .

My name is SAIF .
I 'm 21 old year .
I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm 21 years old . ( other way around )
I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm working in an Electrisity Company .
I work for an electricity company .
I like reading a poetry , watching football games and listening music .
I like reading poetry , watching football games and listening to music .
I like reading poetry , watching football games , and listening to music .
I hope to make group of friends from many countries .
I hope to make friends from many countries .
I hope to make a group of friends from many countries . ( or groups )
I hope to make friends from many different countries .

the first year - end drinking party in this year
Today is the first year - end drinking party in this year ,
Japanese says ' Bounen - kai ' .
Today 's party was opened at a cafe in Nihon - bashi .
Japanese loves year - end drinking party .
Japanese people love year - end drinking parties .
I have a lot of this parties , maby five or six .
I have a lot of these parties , mabye five or six .
How many things do you want to forget ?

About my sales point ! ! !
Could you please help me revise the below sentences ?
During my theoretical study on MA International Business , I have researched the improvement of expatriation programmes for effectively supporting Japanese expatriates and their families in their international assignments because I am really interested in cross cultural human resource management .
Therefore , in your organisation , I can contribute to the improvement of expatriation programme by demonstrating what issues Japanese expatriates and their families have faced and identifying how they can be satisfied with their lives in the UK .
Therefore , in your organization , I can contribute to the improvement of expatriation programme by demonstrating what issues Japanese expatriates and their families have faced and identifying how they can be satisfied with their lives in the UK .
In addition , my native Japanese language , and English ability built up in the UK will help your organisation communicate with international sectors .
Furthermore , in my master 's course , I accomplished a number of business presentations and group work , cooperating with British , Polish , Norwegian , Indian , Chinese , and Brazilian students who have various values .
This experience will help me smoothly work with international colleagues and clients in your global organisational environment .
This experience will help me smoothly work with international colleagues and clients in your global organizational environment .

Today is a not only nervous but interesting day .
At six o ' clock , my Dad waked me up and took exercise to go walking with me near the park .
At six o ' clock , my Dad woke me up and we went walking , to get some exercise , near the park .
When we came bace and stood in front of our home , the neighbor uncle opened his door and said hello to us .
When we came back and stood in front of our home , the neighbor 's uncle opened his door and said hello to us .
Abruptly , his a small dog ran straightly to me and licked my one leg .
It was scared me deeply .
It was very scary !
I felt its cold salivas running on the skin of my leg which it licked .
It was a disgusting thing for me because I have the severe clean freak so I ca n't endure any animal 's touches .
It was a disgusting thing for me because I am a severe clean freak so I ca n't endure the touch of any animal .
It is a bad thing to me .
After I ate breakfast , I watched the popular movie `` Twilight `` alone .
Many people considered it is a perfect romance and can touch their souls .
Many people consider it a perfect romance and that it can touch their souls .
The movie make them satisfied about love but I do n't think so .
The movie makes them satisfied about love but I do n't think so .
In my opinion , the movie plot is just for young girls who desire to fall in love with someone .
Maybe I 'm so elder that I do n't have any fancy of love .
It is so sad and make me sorrow .
It is so sad and makes me unhappy .
The first day in Lang - 8
Good day !
everyone ,
This is my first time in Lang - 8 .
I have been learning English for many years .
But still not very good in speaking and listening .
But still I 'm not very good in speaking and listening .
It could be the common issues for the most Taiwanses students .
I will try to keep my dairy here and hope to give me comments .
I will try to keep my dairy here and hope you will give me comments .
Thank you in advance .

For improving my writing skill . . .
For improving my writing skill in English , I made my mind to translate parts of Nikkei articles because it will be helpful to understand how to use the words regarding to the economics adequately .
European Central Bank ( ECB ) , which faces eurozone debt crisis and is on the brink , is now urged to take
The European Central Bank ( ECB ) , which is faced with the Eurozone debt crisis and is on the brink of failure , is now urged to take
necessary steps to ease the downturn situation .
Greek debt crisis would damage massively to eurozone - wide financial system and there is highly possibility to experience sharp down across the board .
The Greek debt crisis has caused massive damage throughout the Eurozone financial system and there is a strong possibility of a sharp downturn ( across the board ) .
ECB defered a decision to slashing the policy refinance rate as ECB was afraid of the inflation pressure so there exists strong demand for tackling this crisis swiftly .
Accordingly , there is high possibility to cut the policy rate from this November onward .
Accordingly , there is a strong possibility of cutting the policy rate starting in November .

disappointed
these few day are a little hard time for me
These last few day have been a little hard time for me .
I think the reason for why I upset is
I think the reason why I got upset is
I never though that will become a problem for me
I never thought it would become a problem for me .
maybe for others but definitely not for me
Others may have this problem , but definitely not me .
however this time I know I faced my emotion honestly
At least this time I know I faced my emotions honestly .

Silver week
Silver week will start from tomorrow .
Silver week starts tomorrow .
I have five holidays .
I have five days off .
I usually get up lately in holiday but I 'm going to get up early in these holidays .
I usually get up late on holidays , but I 'm going to get up early this time .
What are you going to do ?
I 'm going not to go any place . . .
I 'm going not to go anywhere . . .
I 'm not going to go anywhere . . .

Aftershock
Last night there was the biggest aftershock since Mar 11th .
Blackouts occurred at some ares in Touhoku district .
Blackouts occurred in some areas in the Touhoku district .
I really sympathize with those who are still living in those ares .
I really sympathize with those who are still living in those areas .
At the same time I really appreciate lots of support from all over the world .
Thank you .

Graduate Student
I finaly made a registration for a class of Troy University graduate school of pacific region !
I finally registered for a class at Troy University , a graduate school in the pacific region !
I had been preparing for it since last May .
It was a long way .
There are American military bases in Okinawa .
They have everything within their fence .
They have everything within their boundaries .
They have shopping malls , restaurants , movie theatre , schools , universities and so on .
They have shopping malls , restaurants , movie theatres , schools , universities and so on .
I 'm going to one of the universities in the fence .
I 'm going to one of the universities in the boundaries of a military base .
I am majoring International Relations , and going to take a class of `` Government and Politics of Developing Nations `` .
I am majoring in International Relations , and going to take a class on `` Government and Politics of Developing Nations `` .
I 'm very excited and nervous at the same time .
I must get the textbooks and get ready for the class as soon as possible .

I love Japanese comedian !
I love Japanese comedians !
I go to the theater for appreciate their perform monthly .
I go to the theater to appreciate their performance monthly .
Today I went to the theater at Shibuya .
8 comedians did their gag .
I laugh at so much that my stomach aches .
I laughed so much that my stomach aches .
They were so funny .
I want to go again .

I 'm waiting , just waiting for you .
Waiting for coming to me .
Waiting for you to come to me .
I 'm sad ,
I feel I 'm alone .
I feel like I 'm alone .
I 'm waiting , just waiting for your love .
Waiting for taking to me .
Waiting for you to take me . + woo woo ! +
I 'm just waiting for touching your love
I 'm just waiting to touch your love

yummy sushi !
Last weekend I ate sushi .
It was very delicious .
I went to `` MIDORI sushi `` which is restaurant name .
`` MIDORI sushi `` is famous sushi restaurant , which offers
marvelous yummy sushi at the price which is not so high .
marvelous yummy sushi at an affordable price .
Always there is long line ( procession ? ) in front of the restaurant .
But , MIDORI sushi in Futagotamawaga has a machine which
dish out token ticket .
dishes out token tickets
So we do n't need wait in line .
so that we do n't need to wait in line .
If you come to Japan , you should go MIDORI sushi .
If you come to Japan , you should eat at MIDORI sushi .

Festival of the Inwha girls high school ! !
Our school holds a festival soon . ( 9 / 4 .
My school festival name is ' Mok - ryeon - je ' .
My school festival 's name is ' Mok - ryeon - je ' .
Many students from other schools will visit my school to watch the ' Mok - ryeon - je ' .
Cuz my school festival is known for many interesting program .
Cuz my school festival is known for many interesting programs .
I am in female high school , but I can meet male student during the school festival . ( Yippee ! )
I am in a female high school , but I can meet male students during the school festival . ( Yippee ! )
Many bands from other male schools and B - BOY team will come to our festival .
Many bands from other male schools and B - BOY teams will come to our festival .
But , most of all , I 'm expecting ' talent show ' .
It is the first program in this festival .
It is the first event in the festival .
Since this festival will be the only festival in our high school life , ( Sadly , when we 'll be seniors in High School , we ca n't even attend school festival . )
Since this festival will be the only festival in our high school life , ( Sadly , when we 're seniors in High School , we ca n't even attend the school festival . )
many girls participate this .
many girls participate in this one .
( They said like this , but I think they had decided because of many items .
Now I 'm thinking about participating in the talent show . . .
Mmmmmm . . . .
Would you come over my school festival ?
Would you come to my school festival ?
Tomorrow is my birthday !

Business Chance
I met my friend who found a company about three month ago .
Her company focuses on the beauty industry .
Maybe I will help her to make the web system .
Since the beauty industry have a low IT literacy , there are a lot of business chance .
I hope that this project will go well .

a cute sweater
I went to Myeong - dong with my boyfriend yesterday .
I went to Myeong - Dong with my boyfriend yesterday .
We ate some delicious foods and did window shopping .
We ate delicious foodand went window shopping .
By the way , I found one sweater that I really liked .
I wanted to buy that but I was put off by the price first .
I wanted to buy it , but I was put off by the price at first .
Me and my boyfriend drank some beer in one pub .
When we left the pub , I regretted not buying the sweater and I tried to go the store again to buy that .
When we left the pub , I regretted not buying the sweater , so I returned to the store to buy it .
However , the store was already closed and I simply had to just go home .
However , the store was already closed , so I simply had to go home .

Second Avatar
Despite I went watching movie Avatar this Monday ,
Despite going to watch Avatar on Monday ,
today I went again .
Because today I appresiated to my friends that `` Avatar is a great movie ! `` , so my friend said she wanted to go soon ! !
Today I told my friend that `` Avatar is a great movie ! `` , so she said she wanted to go soon ! !
I did n't think that I watched that movie twice .
I did n't think that I would watch the movie twice .
Second Avatar was truly good movie ,
but I would n't like to go three time .
but I would n't want to go a third time .

Last induction course
Yesterday , I attended the lecture whose name is `` international contribution leader training program `` .
Yesterday , I attended a lecture called the `` International Contribution Leader Training Program `` .
The program started by 52008 .
The program started in May 2008 .
And the program ended yesterday .
And the program ended yesterday .
I changed myself by this program .
I changed because of this program .
Now , I do n't give a detailed account of this program .
But I want to say only one word `` Thank you very much ! ! `` .
But I want to say only one thing , thank you very much ! !

About advice .
About an advice .
About advice .
Do you follow advice when you asked for it ?
Do you follow an advice when you asked for it ?
Do you follow advice when you ask for it ?
Most of people I know tend not to .
Most of the people I know tend not to .
I do n't judje them - everyone knows that it 's easy to give advice to others .
I do n't judge them - everyone knows that it 's easy to give an advice to others .
I do n't judge them - everyone knows that it 's easy to give advice to others .
Sometimes they just tell me : `` Sorry , but you do n't quite understand my situation `` or `` Thank you for your opinion , but it still seems too complicated for me , I need to think about it some more before I make any dessision `` .
Sometimes they just tell me : `` Sorry , but you do n't quite understand my situation `` or `` Thank you for your opinion , but it still seems too complicated for me , I need to think about it some more before I make any decision `` .
But sometimes it turns just ridiculouls .
But sometimes it turns just ridiculous .
My friend tells me : `` I need your advice `` and at the moment I feel all importance and responsibility of the question .
My friend tells me : `` I need your advice `` and at the moment I feel all important and responsible of the statement .
My friend tells me : `` I need your advice , `` and at that moment I feel the importance and responsibility of the question .
I say : `` Sure , go on , I 'll try to help `` .
- I was going to somewhere with somebody .
- I was going somewhere with somebody .
But then I let them down , and now they are cross with me .
But then I let them down , and now they are against me .
But then I let them down , and now they are cross with me .
What do I do ?
Should I still go there ?
I analyse and try to find the best words to explain my point of view .
I analyze and try to find the best words to explain my point of view .
I think about my friend 's and friend of her 's feelings and do my best to be unbiassed .
I think about my friend 's and friend of her 's feelings and do my best to be unbiased .
HOW ABOUT THIS ? I think about the feelings of my friend and her friend and do my best do be unbiased .
I explain it to her and when I 'm done I feel like my peice of advise is n't a bad one .
I explain to her and when I finish I feel like my piece of advise is n't a bad one .
And my friend says :
- Oh . . .
I see . . .
But maybe I should just wait . . .
Maybe they wo n't be so angry tomorrow . . .
Thank you anyway .
And I know what it means : I 'd rather just pretend that nothing have happened .
And I know what it means : I 'd rather just pretend that nothing happened .
It 's a frustration .
Well , but I glad that her problems was not that serious as she told me .
Well , but I 'm glad that her problem was not that serious as she told me .
Well , but I 'm glad that her problems were not as serious as she told me .
People always need some support , but never need anyone to told them what to do !
People always need some support , but they never need anyone to tell them what to do !
That is my opinion about advice ^ _ ^
That is my opinion about an advice ^ _ ^
That is my opinion about advice ^ _ ^

Hello , everyone !
Today , I would like to talk about HANABI .
HANABI is Japanese poetic event of summer .
Season of hanabi is September and August .
The hanabi season is September and August .
In japan , HANABI divid High - into - the air fire work and Toy fireworks .
In Japan , HANABI are divided into High - into - the air fireworks and Toy fireworks .
The old HANABI Festival is `` Sumidagawa . ``
An old HANABI Festival is `` Sumidagawa . ``
I going to go to Hababi festival in Augest .
I am going to go to a Hanabi festival in August .
With whom have you been to fireworks ?
With whom have you been to see fireworks ?
or , Do you go with whom to see fireworks this year ?
or , Who are you going to see fireworks with this year ?
Please tell me .

Tet Holiday
It 's about two week more that I will go home .
It 's about two weeks more before I will go home .
Now , I 'm counting each day .
I 'm going to be with my family , my girl friend .
I 'm going to be with my family and my girlfriend .
I can imagine how happy I be .
I can imagine how happy I 'll be .
When I 'm home , I will play a lot .
I will sing Karaoke , ride bike around the town , eat a lot of delicious things .
I will sing Karaoke , ride my bike around the town , and eat a lot of delicious things .
In the morning , I will sit in the bank of Huong river and have some coffee .
In the morning , I will sit on the bank of the Huong river and have some coffee .
Oh my god , there are a lot of things I want to do in Tet Holiday .
Time please pass quickly ! !
Time , please pass quickly ! !
I wanna go home ^ - ^

I like apples very much .
I had a nibble a piece of apples a little while ago .
A little while ago , I had a nibble of an apple .
When I am asked what is my favorite food , I 'd answear apples is the best .
If I was asked `` what is your favorite food ? `` , I 'd answear `` apples are the best `` .
Technically , my favorite food is not exactly apples becase there are many other delicious food which sates my palate .
Technically , my favorite food is not exactly apples because there are many other delicious foods which satisfy my palate .
In Japan , there is one saying that goes , `` Apples in the morning is golden apples ``
In Japan , there is one saying that / which goes , `` Apples in the morning are golden apples ``
From nutrient 's point of view , they contain a lot of fibers .
From a nutritional point of view , they contain a lot of fibers .
It means that eating them facilitate us to diffuse solid excrements .
It means that eating them facilitates the diffusion of solid excrements .
If I liken the apples to a man , he is a very competant worrior with prowess .
He can battle with a depraved fiend called solid excrement and repel him with daggers called fiber .
And he especially exert his caliber in the morning .
Have a nibble an apple in the morning .
Otherwise , you could n't exorcise the diabolic ogre called poo out of your turf ! !

My favorite picture book 1
My favorite book is `` A million alive cat ``
My favorite book is called `` The cat with a million lives ``
Please read bellow story .
Please read the story below .
Please read the story below .
There was cat which did not dead a million years .
There once was a cat who lived for a million years .
There was a cat who lived for a million years .
He dead such a million times and he alive such a million times .
He died a million times and he lived a million times .
He was splendid tabby cat .
He was a splendid tabby cat .
He was a splendid tabby cat .
A million peoples loved the cat .
Millions of people loved the cat .
A million people loved the cat .
When the cat dead they cried .
When the cat died , they all cried .
When the cat died they cried .
The cat never cried .
Once , The cat was had by king .
One time , the cat was taken by the King .
He hated king .
He hated the King .
He hated the king .
King likes war and always at war .
Kings like war and are always waging war .
And then , King took the cat in luxurious cage for war .
And then , the King put the cat into a luxurious cage for war .

first time : )
First time : )
hello ~ : ]
Hello ~ : ]
I started by friend 's recommend
I started because of a friend 's recommendation
I 'm so nervous . .
I 'm so nervous . . .
I think my writing is wrong a lot !
I think my writing is wrong a lot !
anyway I think this is will be fun
Anyway I think this will be fun
I do n't speak english well . .
I do n't speak English well . . .
so help me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
So help me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

My favorite . . . 2
I like to play a soft ball .
I like to play soft ball .
I like to play softball .
I belong to a soft ball team in my school .
I belong to the softball team in my school .
Today , our team played a practice game .
Today , our team had a practice game .
I was little tense , but I hit four hits in two games .
I was a little tense , but I had four hits in two games .
And our team also won two games .
There will be a game tomorrow , too .
Good night .

nightmare
There were installed mac and window in my laptop so it had not enough memories .
Last night , I tried to organize programms I do not use .
Last night , I tried to organize programs I do not use .
And then my laptop was down and I ca n't figure out why .
The biggest problem is that I lost all of the essay files .
I spent almost two weeks to finish this essay .
It was a nightmare .

[ Finished ] Maintenance on Sunday
* * * * Updated * * * * *
The maintenance will take more long time than we supposed .
The maintenance will take longer than originally thought .
The new schedule is
16 : 00 - 21 : 00 ( UTC + 09 : 00 ) April 18th .
Thank you for your understanding .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Dear Lang - 8 users ,
Thank you very much for using Lang - 8 .
For server maintenance , we are going to shutdown the server for 2 hours .
We are going to shutdown the server for 2 hours to maintenance the server .
The down time is following :
The down time is as follows :
15 : 00 - 17 : 00 ( UTC + 09 : 00 ) April 18th .
Thank you very mucu ,
Thank you very much ,
Lang - 8 staff

Whose Homework Is It ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm struggling with my 15 - year - old daughter 's assignments now .
I 've been asked to help her with them for three weeks .
So I NEED TO study math , social studies , and even science in advance to teach them to her .
It 's quite impossible to teach what I DON ' T know , right ? ? ? ? ? ?
I finished her English and math assignments about a couple of days ago , but today she told me that I HAVE TO get all subjects done by tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! !
To tell the truth , I wanted to go to bed early today , but I was woken up by my older daughter and started her social studies assignments .
I have just finished them .
Hey ma ' am , MAY I go to bed or do I have to do your science assignments too ?
I ca n't help feeling absured . . .
I ca n't help feeling absurd . . .
You 're really INCAPABLE OF studying ( due to some mental handicaps ) ? ? ?

What do you think about Phonics ?
I heard Phonics is popular for native children to learn English pronunciation .
I heard Phonics are popular for native children learning English pronunciation .
Have you ever learned with Phonics ?
If so , please tell me what is good !
I want to speak English as well as native .
I want to speak English as well as a native .
And more , Phonics helps me reading words from its spell .
I hope you 'll give me good resposes .

You know ?
When I watch the foreign movie , I often hear the word [ you know ? ] .
When I watch a foreign movie , I often hear the word [ you know ? ] .
situations are various , so I am at a loss .
There are various situations it 's used in , so I am at a loss .
But I want to use a new phrase , so please teach me how to use the word .
But I want to use a new phrase , so please teach me how to use this phrase .
If you have time , write examples .

My hobby is taking pictures and using a photoshop to retouch that .
My hobby is taking pictures and using photoshop to retouch them .
It 's very fun .
There are so many colors .
I can make picture blue or bright by photoshop .
I can make a picture blue or brighter with photoshop .

I 'm Tina 's daughter , Lee Lee , 8 years old .
I 'm studing English .
I like animal and dogs and cats and lizards and hamsters and guinea pigs and turtles .

Glad to meet you .
I 'm not good at English , so I entry this `` Lang - 8 `` .
I 'm not good at English , so I am writing an entry on `` Lang - 8 `` .
I try to write sentence in English .
I will try to write sentences in English .

What the hell . . .
What the Hell ?
After youtube . com , the VIMEO .
com was banned by Chinese government either .
I was very confused about that .
Why could such good webs be banned ?
How could such good web sites be banned ?
We have no right to determine anything .
They have no right to determine which sites we access .
Without these treasury sources , I can hardly enjoy any videos about magic .
Without these treasured sources , I can hardly enjoy any videos about magic .
I can not believe that .
I can not believe it .
I can only use proxies to get on these webs .
I can only use proxies to get on these web sites .
It 's terrible . . . . .
It 's terrible !

Japanese literatures
These days I often read Japanese literatures because they are in my new electoronic dictionary .
These days I often read Japanese literature because they are in my new electoronic dictionary .
These days I often read Japanese literature because they are in my new electronic dictionary .
I like to read books witten by Dazai Osamu .
I like to read books written by Dazai Osamu .
Do you know him ?
Are his books popular abroad ?
I want to know this .

I went to Nagoya .
I could n't study English and I was not writing English sentence .
I could n't study English and I did n't write English sentences .
Recently , I could n't study English and I did n't do any writing in English . ( sounds more natural )
I felt that I was necessary to continue to study English .
I felt that it was necessary for me to continue studying English .
By the way , my friend got a married last week .
I went to Nagoya to congratulate her .
I had good time very well it was funny wedding .
I had good time , it was a nice wedding .
I had a good time . It was a fun wedding .
I stayed overnight , I went to Nagoya castle where is famous in Nagoya .
I stayed overnight and I went to Nagoya castle which is famous in Nagoya .
Especially , it 's famous gold shachihoko on Nagoya castle .
It is especially famous for the gold shachihoko on the Nagoya castle .
We ate Miso taste ice - cream that it was very fine and hot on the day .
We ate ice - cream that tasted like miso . It was hot that day .
It was interesting taste .
It was an interesting taste .
It was an interesting flavor .
I felt beautiful around Nagoya station .
I looked beautiful around Nagoya station .
Because , I did n't see electric wire between a lot of tree and wide sky .
The electric wire was buried .
The electric wires were buried underground .
I was very tired but I had good time .
I was very tired but I had a good time .
We had slept in Shinkansen ( superexpress ) .
We slept in the Shinkansen ( superexpress ) .

I want the same dress as on a picture .
I want the same dress as in this picture .
But I can not find anything like this to buy for bellydance = (

Dear diary .
I played the game of Shogi that Japanese traditional game .
I played the game of Shogi , that Japanese traditional game .
The Shogi is similar to the chess .
Shogi is similar to chess .
The number of player is two , and play alternatively ( in turn ) .
The number of players is two , and they play alternatively ( in turn ) .
Both players defend their king piece , which name is `` OUSHOU `` .
The difference from chess is that we can use the piece which
have been got from enemy .
has been got from the enemy .
It is quite complicated because we can use the piece , so
the number of playing pattern might be infinity .
the number of playing patterns might be infinity .
Best regards , H .
Sugata .

Having said that . . .
Yesterday I cought this phrase in Obama 's speech made at G20 in Central London .
Yesterday I caught this phrase in Obama 's speech made at the G20 in Central London .
For me , participial constructions sound very formal so I 've only seen in written English or heard in someone 's speech so far .
For me , participal constructions sound very OR quite formal , hitherto I 've only seen them in written English or heard them in someone 's speech . .
Can I use this expression with my friends by spoken English ?
or does this sound awkward as a daily expression ?
OR or does it sound inappropriate for everyday use ?

I watched avator in the cinema on thursday .
it was beautiful . I watched it alone .
pity that I dont have a mate to share that beautiful sceans with .
pity that I do n't have a mate to share the / those beautiful scenes with .

Snowing and raining .
Monday , Snow fell again !
And today it was raining .
What a crazy weather !
What crazy weather !
The weather cast said , it will be snowing again in March .
The weather cast said , it will snow again in March .
ehm . . .
The global warming seems like very serious .
global warming is becoming very serious .
Pohang was n't the place snowing too much like this year .
Pohang does n't usually snow as much as it did this year .

Keep a garden clean
It 's hard to keep a garden clean and particularly in summer ,
It 's hard to keep a garden clean particularly in summer ,
plants grow thick .
when plants grow thick .
If you do n't weed your garden for one week in the summer , it 'll get just like a jungle soon .
If you do n't remove the weeds from your garden for one week during summer , it 'll soon appear like a jungle .
And then , we have to care about a shortage of water , too .
And then , watering them also become a problem because of the shortage of water .
In addition we have to get rid of worms .
In addition , we also have to get rid of worms .
The sun is so strong in summer , it would be better in the morning or in the evening to work on a garden .

Cheers ? !
How to describe this in English ?
At one time , My classmates and I went to a party .
It was held by our dean of department and many professors .
All of us were very serious dressed because it was a formal one .
I sat in one of the table with other 8 classmates and a junior staff of the department .
In the beginning , the atmosphere was not very hot and the young staff , as a senior one in this table ,
He rouse his goblet and shouted : `` let 's cheers ! ``
We all rouse our goblets happily except one classmate .
We all rose our goblets happily except one classmate .
He did n't do anything but sat there .
`` What 's going on ? `` I asked him since I sat next to him
`` Well , I can not drink alcohol . that is because of my religion .
You know our rule is . . . . blablabla ``
He began to tell me their doctrine and their ideas without stopping .
Since he had his personal reason , we all could understand .
I even enthusiastically wanted to
help him out .
I asked the waitress if there was any graph fruit juice .
I asked the waitress if there was any grape fruit juice .
I thought it was the best substitute since it looked exactly the same as the wine .
However , when the dean , the most powerful professor in our department , came to our table ,
This guy stood up firstly with smiling .
`` Professor . let 's cheers ! blessing you ! `` He said and he drank the whole wine in his goblet at one shot .
All of the others at the table looked at each other .
`` What the hexx is that ? `` I murmured
How to describe this kind of people in English ?
Fawning ?
Pretending ?

Ta - da !
This is my room !
There is a desk , bed and so on .
There is a desk , a bed and so on .
I think my room is little mess so I need to clean my room .
I think my room is a little messy , so I need to clean it ( . ) .
Do you have your own room ?
What do you do in your romm ?
What do you do in your room ?
I do many things here in my room like studying , surfing the Internet , sleeping , reading books and so on .
I do many things in my room like studying , surfing the Internet , sleeping , reading books and so on .
I like this room the best of all rooms in my house .
I like this room the better than the other rooms in my house .

think VS bethink
I have a question for you about 2 similar words .
He thought of the need to study .
He bethought himself of the need to study .
He himself of the need to study .
What 's the difference between them above ?
In 2nd sentence , do I have to use - self ?

I have taught Japanese as a volunteer in California .
All sort of people gathered the club .
All sorts of people gathered in the club .
For example , American , Chinese , Korean , Arabian , Hispanic and Japanese .
For example there were : American , Chinese , Korean , Arabian , Hispanic and Japanese .
For example , there were American , Chinese , Korean , Arabian , Hispanic and Japanese people .
The range of age is wide , betwwen 20 and 60 .
The range of age was wide , betwwen 20 and 60 .
I went to Karaoke with the member .
I went to Karaoke with the member ( A colleague ? ) .
I went to Karaoke with the members .
But I could not choice the song everybody knew and came alive .
But I could not choose the song everybody would know and come alive to .
But I could not choice a song everybody knew and would come alive to .
What kind of song would you select ?

4
Go to desntist
Go to dentist
Go to the dentist
Go to the Dentist
Going to the dentist
Today , Jason had an appointment with dentist .
Today , Jason had an appointment with the dentist .
Today , Jason had an appointment with his dentist .
Today , Jason had an appointment with the dentist .
Last time when we had come to clinic , he never stopped crying , so we had had to come back home without treatment .
Last time when we had come to clinic , he never stopped crying , so we had had to go back home without treatment .
The last time when we went to the clinic , he never stopped crying , so we had to come back home without treatment .
So this time , we had to use medicine .
After sniffing up an opiate , he became like drunken .
After sniffing up the opiate , he became like drunkard .
After sniffing up an opiate , he became sort of drunken .
It was so funny .
He just looked like drained , and then , he continued to smile and kiss me , and spoke mixed words .
He just looked sort of drained , and then , he continued to smile and kiss me , and spoke mixed words .
I should have recorded his wired behavior : D
I should have recorded his weird behavior : D
I should have recorded his weird behavior : D

Nice to meet you !
Hello , my name is `` mos `` .
Today , I join Lang - 8 .
Today I joined Lang - 8 .
As the reason for joining , I had been to America to study since the day before yesterday for 1 week .
However , I could speak English well .
So , I think that I want to be able to speak English !
So , I think that I want to be able to speak English better !
After that , I join here .
After that , I joined here .
I introduce oneself easily .
I will introduce myself .
My name is `` mos `` .
I like japan animation .
People who like japan animation , say something for me , please !
Anyone who likes japan animation , leave me a message or comment , please !

About my first name
My first name consists of 2 chinese charactor .
My first name consists of 2 Chinese characters . .
Yuki 's `` YU `` means `` GENTLE `` and `` KI `` means `` HOPE `` .
My parents gave me this name because they want me to grow up kindly and have a hope forever .
My parents gave me this name because they want me to grow up kind and have a hope forever .
I 'm thankful to my parents because I love my name .

NEW STUDENT
I went to college the first time .
I went to my college for the first time today .
I 'm a new college student !
I felt the strain .
I felt the stress .
But , I made friends with new person .
But , I made friends with other students .
I will take an achievement test tomorrow .
I will do my best ! ! !

Learning Accounting
I 'm now learning accounting in English beause of business use .
I 'm now learning accounting in English beause of business .
So I must memorize many words of accounting , such as
I must memorize many words of accounting , such as
stock , security , bond , capital , and so on .
I bought the text books that are used at accounting subject of american university .
I bought the textbooks that are for accounting subjects from an American university .
I graduated from japanese university .
I graduated from a Japanese university .
But I must study as a freshman .
I must study as a freshman .
It is very fresh for me to study as a student , and I am reminded of my youth : )
It is very refreshing for me to study as a student , and I am reminded of my youth : )

Today is my . . .
birthday ! ! ! haha !
Same as former British Prime Minsiter Margaret Thacher ( spelling ? ) , so I 'm also an iron lady ! !
Same as former British Prime Minsiter Margaret Thatcher ( spelling ? ) , so I 'm also an iron lady ! !
Same as the former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ( spelling ? ) , so I 'm also an `` Iron Lady `` ! !
. . . . . . . .
I 've found it 's not easy to have my text corrected here in Lang - 8 .
So many people are learning English and looking for a techer to correct their language , but not so many native English speakers here . . .
So many people are learning English and looking for a teacher to correct their language , but there are not so many native English speakers here . . .
pity , as it 's a very good site .
I think I have read this issue was mentioned somewhere but I do n't remember where . .
It 's fun for me to correct sentences for Japanese learners so I would perhaps concentrate on correcting their Japanese for a while and wait for more English speakers to join Lang - 8 ! ?
It 's fun for me to correct sentences for Japanese learners . Perhaps I could concentrate on correcting their Japanese for a while and wait for more English speakers to join Lang - 8 ! ?

try to Lang - 8
try using Lang - 8
I 'm working as a system engineer in Japanese IT company in Tokyo .
I 'm working as a systems engineer at a Japanese IT company in Tokyo .
But last year our CEO suddenly directed us to change
our internal communication language from Japanese to English .
So I 'm now struggling to catch up this great transition .
So now I 'm struggling to catch up with this great transition .
I knew this site last Sunday heard from a man who are using this site .
I heard about this site last Sunday from a man who is using this site .
I decided to write my journal everyday as far as possible .
I decided to write in my journal everyday for as long as possible .
I 'm thinking to write about my hobby , life or interesting news .
I 'm thinking about writing about my hobby , life or interesting news .
If you are interested in , please take a look at it .
If you are interested , please take a look at it .

I went to KARAOKE yesterday with my friends !
My favorite artists is AAA , KARA , Girls generation , Avril Ramona Lavigne , , , , .
My favorite artists are AAA , KARA , Girls generation , Avril Ramona Lavigne , , , , .
I enjoyed KARAOKE !
By the way , I study English now .
By the way , I am studying English now .
But , I ca n't distinction to an intransitive verb and a transitive verb ( > n < ; ;
Can you help me ?
I wait for best answer .
I am waiting for the best answer .

My homework
Dear friend
I 've just received your letter and I 'm happy .
I want tell you about my hobby .
I like to watch football .
I support FC `` Barcelona `` and the Russian national team .
I dream to be present at the final match for the World Cup .
So I am a cinema fan .
I like to see masterpieces cinema .
My favorite films are `` Inside I 'm dancing `` and `` Forest Gump `` .
I adore to read books .
I adore reading books .
This is my hobby .
It is my hobby .
My favourite writer are Dan Broun and Jane Austen .
My favourite writers are Dan Broun and Jane Austen .
Dan Brown is the author of bestsellers `` The Da Vinci Code `` and `` Angels & Demons `` .
Dan Brown is the author of the bestsellers `` The Da Vinci Code `` and `` Angels & Demons `` .
Also I like `` Pride and Prejudice `` of Jane Austen .
Also I like `` Pride and Prejudice `` by Jane Austen .
What is your hobby ?
Do you like to read ?
Hope to hear from you soon .

Acne treatment
When I was a student I had been suffering from acne .
When I was a student , I suffered from acne .
I 've never used an American - made acne products so it was difficult to heal from acne .
I 've never used an American - made acne product so it was difficult to heal from acne .
I 've never used American - made acne products so it was difficult to heal my acne .
Japanese acne products does n't include benzoyl peroxide .
Japanese acne products do n't include benzoyl peroxide .
When I used an American - made acne products that is including benzoyl peroxide my acne would heal up .
When I used an American - made acne product , that included benzoyl peroxide , my acne healed up .
Lately my few friends said to me that they want to use an American - made acne products .
Lately , my few friends have said to me that they want to use American - made acne products .
I used a proactiv but it is a little expesive than others .
I used proactiv but it is a little expesive than others .
I used Proactiv , but it is more expensive than other products .
Could you reccomend some acne products to me ?
Could you recommend some acne products to me ?
Could you recommend some other acne products to me ?

hola a todos buenas noches .
me llamo es Astrika
Me llamo Astrika / Mi nombre es Astrika
yo soy Indonesia . mucho gusto : )
do you guys mind helping me learn spanish and improve my english ? hope you 're not .
see ya !

hi , this is my first dairy .
Hi , this is my first dairy .
hi , this is my first diary .
please Correct mine .
My work is making web site .
My work is making website .
I worked hard today .
So , I 'm so sleepy now .
So , I 'm so sleepy now .
good night !
Good night !

I 'm feeling better .
I 've been ill for a week , during the Spring Festival . : (
So I did 't go anywhere to have some fun .
Today I went to work and felt better .
But my mouth is still ache .
But my mouth is still aching .
> . < I still could n't have much food .
Now I have 3 friends here , haha !
Thank u for adding me !
I want more ! ^ ^

Determination and introduction about me .
Hi 06 / 19 Day today 2009 .
I join in the lang 8 .
I joined lang 8 .
I joined lang 8 .
so I promise that keep to study english to use this community .
so I promise to keep studying english in this community .
so I promise to keep to studying english and to use this community .
Because I wanna go Studying abroad .
Because I wanna go study abroad .
Because I want to go Studying abroad .
So I wanna get the enough point of GMAT .
So I wanna get enough points for GMAT .
So I want to get the enough GMAT points .
However , At first I want to get the good point at TOEIC test .
However , at first I want to get good points on the TOEIC test .
However , At first I want to get a good score on the TOEIC test .
Somebody please teach me the English in this site .
Somebody please teach me English on this site .
Somebody please teach me English on this site .
I keep to write the Diary in this .
I will keep writing my diary .
I will keep writing Diarys on this .
thank you

The 100th English journal !
I have been writing my English journal since I had participated in this Lang - 8 website service .
I have been writing in my English journal since I first began participating here at Lang - 8 .
Today , I finally wrote my 100th English journal !
Today , I finally wrote my 100th English journal entry !
I ca n't believe it !
I 'm very happy , and it 's really my milestone of learning English .
I 'm very happy , and it 's a real milestone in my journey to learn English .
I 'd like to continue writing a journal in English and reach the next milestone , the 200th Journal !
I 'd like to continue my English journal and reach the next milestone : the 200th entry !
I hope I will finish my 200th journal within next year .
I hope I will make it to my 200th entry within the next year .

Why I choose to work as an au pair ?
Why did I choose to work as an au pair ?
Why I chose to work as an au pair
On the 15th of July of the last year I came to London with the idea of work like waitress , cleaner or something like that , so I rent a room in a shared house in the east suburb of London and started to look for a job .
On the 15th of July last year I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress , cleaner or something like that , so I rented a room in a shared house in an eastern suburb of London and started to look for a job .
Last year on the 15th of July I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress , a cleaner or something like that , so I rented a room in a shared house in the east of London and started to look for a job .
One week later , I still not having sheets in my bed cause my landlady had n't bring them yet .
One week later , I still did n't have sheets in my bed cause my landlady had n't brought them yet .
One week later , I still did n't have sheets in my bed because my landlady had n't brought them yet .
The only way to cook in that house was with one saucepan and one frying pan . . .
for 4 persons .
for 4 people .
And , on top of that , the shower head work only if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath .
And , on top of that , the shower head only worked if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath .
And on top of that , the shower head only worked if you held it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath .
I know that you ca n't expect to live , when you 're sharing a house , in the same conditions that you live in your parents ' house .
But at least I liked to have a shower standing up !
But at the very least I like to have a shower standing up !
But at least I would have liked to have a shower standing up !
thank you very much !
So , I checked all the possibilities : au pair , hotel waiting staff , try another shared house , . . .
So , I checked all the possibilities : au pair , hotel waiting staff , trying another shared house , . . .
I thought pros and cons of every job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family .
I thought about the pros and cons of every type of job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family .
And that 's the reason for why I ended working as an au pair .
And that 's the reason for why I ended up working as an au pair .
( The next chapter will be looking for a family )
( The next chapter will be about how I looked for a family )
Thanks for checking my mistakes ; )

chickenpox , moving out and being bored ; p
I 'm bored so I 'll write here something ^ ^ .
I 'm bored , so I 'll write something here ^ ^ .
Currently I have to stay at home because I 'm ill ; _ _ ; I have a chickenpox !
Currently , I have to stay at home because I 'm ill ; _ _ ; I have the chickenpox !
At first I thought that I was turning into a zombie , but fortunately I 'm not .
Or maybe it would be better ?
Who knows .
I have a lot of free time so I 'm looking for a flat / room in Warsaw .
Next month I should move out from my little city < finally ! > .
Next month I should be moving out from my little city < finally ! > .
Big city is waiting .
The big city is waiting .
I feel kind of unsure , you know moving to different city , being alone there etc .
But I 'll do my best and study hard !
And make new friends yeah !
And make new friends , yeah !
Giada De Laurentiis
Do you know Giada De Laurentiis who is a cooking adviser ?
Do you know Giada De Laurentiis , who is a cooking adviser ?
She is not popular in Japan .
She is not well known in Japan .
But I like her .
I like cooking especially Italian food .
I like cooking , especially Italian food .
When I went to Hawaii I was watching TV show , Food network .
When I went to Hawaii I watched a TV show called `` Food network `` .
Giada showed us how to cook Italian food on that .
That seem to be delicious .
Those dishes seemed delicious .
And she is so cute .
That is why I like her .

Today I listened to a song Tunami .
Today I listened to a song called Tsunami .
Tunami was sung by a Japanese rock band Southern All Stars .
Tsunami is sung by the Japanese rock band Southern All Stars .
I watched youtube movie about it .
I watched a video on youtube about it .
Tunami is a disaster like earthquake .
Tsunami is a disaster like an earthquake .
Japan has recently been attacked by big one .
Japan was recently by a big one .
Well , some say why they titled it tunami .
Well , some wonder why they 've named the song `` Tsunami . ``
Is n't there any better one ?
Is n't there a better alternative ?
But this song is very romantic and powerful .
It made me happy even in this conditions .
It makes me happy even in this situation .

The Unforseeable Future
I happened to view our class blog yesterday .
Most of my classmates had left a message on the blog about which university he or she had entered and wishes .
Entering a university is really a good thing , but for me , the messages are burdens .
As you know , I failed in the entrance exam of universities this year , which almost pushed me back to high school .
Though I 've past the entrance exam of Singapore Polytechnic , I still feel at a loss .
This is not what I wanted originally .
My original plan was to enter Tongji University and major in architecture .
However , the unexpected failure changed everything .
I have no idea about the life abroad or my future at all .
If I succeed in the entrance exam , I would be able to complete my undergraduate degree .
But know , I 'm only possible to go for senior college degree in SP .
But know , it 's only possible mor me to go for a senior college degree in SP .
I 've never thought about reading for a senior college degree , which makes me upset .
There are no architecture courses in senior college in China , and in China , one normally has to spend 5 years on architecture courses in universities .
I have no idea what architecture courses in senior colleges in Singapore .
I have no idea what architecture courses are in senior colleges in Singapore .
I do n't know whether I should also spend 5 years .
Besides , what should I do after I graduate from SP ?
Read for the undergraduate degree , or have the option to directly enter the work force ?
I have no idea .
Problems rise in many aspects , though , I have no options but to face them .
When one door shuts , another opens .
I believe it .

I love to watch japanese drama
I love to watch Japanese dramas
Recently , I 've watched Starwberry on The Short Cake , Romeo and Juliet
Recently , I 've watched Strawberry on The Short Cake , Romeo and Juliet
and so on
and I decided to watch Antique and News no Onna soon
I hope who had come across my journal could post me the link to watch
I hope who had come across my journal could post me a link to watch
them online
By the way , yesterday night I had come across Torrents and
By the way , last night I had come across Torrents and
RapidsearchFile
If I 'm not mistaken , we could download movies via them
If I 'm not mistaken , we could download movies that way
However , I did n't understand them very well
Who had a lot of informations about them please message me
People with information about them please message me
Thank you

2011 / 07 / 27 Keeping my promise
I went to swimming this morning .
I went swimming this morning .
I decide to do sports once or twice a week .
I have decided to do sports once or twice a week .
It aims to ease my stiff shoulders .
To keep promise is build my confidence .
Keeping this promise is building my confidence .
I have swim once a week minimally .

September
From today , September starts .
September starts from today .
In America , September is the start month in the fiscal ( school ) year , is n't it ?
In America , September is the first month of the fiscal ( school ) year , is n't it ?
( In Japan , April is the start month not September ) .
( In Japan , April is the first month not September ) .
My September 's objective is to be able to speak and write English more .
My objective for September is to be able to speak and write English more .
I want to live in America after graduating school : )
I want to live in America after graduating from school : )
Thanks .

Learning English on the Internet .
I talked about what I have studied English on the Internet .
I talked about what I have learned about English on the Internet .
I heard that there are 3 websites for study English .
I heard that there are 3 websites for studying English .
They are smart . fm , livemocha , and Lang - 8 .
At first , I used smart .
fm so that I memorize a lot of English words for TOEIC .
fm so that I could memorize a lot of English words for the TOEIC .
In the meantime , I wanted to talk in English using words that I had retained at smart .
In the meantime , I wanted to talk in English using the words that I had retained from smart .
And then , I started to use Lang - 8 .
As it is now , I write a daily journal everyday in English .
Now I write a daily journal everyday in English .

Death of Salesman
Do you know ' Death of Salesman ' ?
It 's a play written by Arthur Miller .
I 'm reading it in the original .
I 'm reading the original .
But I do n't understand this sentence .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
She more than loves him , she admires him , as though his mercurial nature , his temper , his massive dreams and little cruelties , served her only as sharp reminders of the turbulent longings within him , longings which she sheres but lacks the temperament to utter and follow to their end .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Can you explain it with easier sentences ?

Translation for January 27th
I would like to notice our office transfer schedule .
( Please find attached pdf file . ) Baum head office and other design studios which have been located in separate buildings and now we will relocate and integrate into one building .
Transfer is scheduled from December 28th to 29th and we will launch the new office on February 1st .
The transfer is scheduled from December 28th to 29th and we will launch the new office on February 1st .
Please excuse inconveniences in services during transfer .

the big bang thoery is wonderful !
Tonight the Internet 's speed is very slow , so I find some downloaded vedios to watch .
Tonight the Internet 's speed is very slow , so I found some downloadable videos to watch .
And I just find that The big bang thoery is so funny , no matter how many times I have watched , I always laughed .
And I just found that The big bang thoery is so funny , no matter how many times I have watched , I always laughed .
But the newest episode will come on April 1st , it is too long , I ca n't wait to watch it , it 's really terrible .
But the newest episode will come on April 1st , it is too long to wait to watch it . It 's really terrible .

Urban myth
Some one said that one day no n't eat any food , just drink coffee can lose weight .
That is wrong beacuse when you just drink and do n't eat anything else , you stomach can not stand .
It is bad for stomach , if you want to lose weight you should keep exercise .
It is bad for the stomach . If you want to lose weight , you should keep exercising .

sashimi fry ?
These were Okazu for tonight .
Sasami fry and sunomono .
Sasami fry is one of my family 's favorite dishes .
You can eat them with tonnkatsu sauce .
Sasami is chicken meat .
I t has low calorie and high protein .
It has low calories and high protein .
So some athlete who build up his mustle and body often eat it .
So some athletes who build up their muscles and body often eat it .
Sasami fry is a kind of fried chicken .
How to make Sasami fry
How to make Sasami fry :
cut chicken into one bite size
cut chicken into bite sizes
put litte salt and pepper on cut chicken
put a litte salt and pepper on the chicken pieces
3 . put a little flour
dip 3 into raw fish
put crumbs of bread
put crumbs of bread on it
fry 5 until they gets brown
Why do n't you try this !

Nice to meet you !
The diary is written for the first time today .
I live in America .
I think I need learn English . . .
I think I need to learn English . . .
So I begin Lang - 8 .
I think this is so nice !
I want to continue this ! !

something and anything
read the following paragraph .
Elephants have very long noses which we call `` trunks . `` No other animals have as long trunks as elephants . the elephant can use its trunk to smell things and it can also pick up things with the tip of its trunk .
The tip of its trunk can be used like a hand .
Can you pick up ( a ) with the tip of your nose ?
a word in ( a ) . . .
the word in ( a ) . . .
what do you think will be in the blank ?
the answer seems to be `` something `` or `` anything . ``
actually is `` something `` in the blank , but grammatically it is better to be `` anything `` , which we Japanese are always careful about .
actually it 's `` something `` in the blank , but grammatically it is better to be `` anything `` , which we Japanese are always careful about .
what difference do you feel between `` some - `` and `` any - `` ?
which is better , do you think ?

work hard
Recentley , I 'm working very hard at part time jobs to earn money .
Recently , I 'm working very hard at part time jobs to earn money .
I worked at a chinese restaurant for 2 or 3 years as a part time worker , but I wanted to earn more money , so I started a new part time job at a bread shop about 1 month ago .
So now , I 'm doing two part time jobs . . . . .
It is much much harder than I 'd expected .
For example , I worked at a bread shop from 6 : 00am to 4 : 00pm except 10 : 30am to 11 : 30am as a break , after that , I worked at a chinese restaurant from 6 : 30pm to 10 : 00pm .
For example , I worked at the bread shop from 6 : 00am to 4 : 00pm except between 10 : 30am to 11 : 30am as that is my break . After that , I worked at the chinese restaurant from 6 : 30pm to 10 : 00pm .
Today , I worked at bread shop from 6 : 00am to 14 : 00 except 1 hour break , and from 5 : 30pm , I 'm going to go to the chinese restaurant to work .
Today , I worked at bread shop from 6 : 00am to 14 : 00 except for my 1 hour break , and from 5 : 30pm , I 'm going to go to the chinese restaurant to work .
One of the stereotype of Japanese is `` working hard `` , and I think I 'm just the stereotype Japanese now . : - (
One of the stereotype of Japanese is `` hard working `` , and I think I 'm just the stereotypical Japanese now . : - (
Wish me Luck .
The trouble flight ~
In mar 26 , I was planing to go to Pensacola to see my olde sister , But this trip is my worst and unforgoten trip .
In Mar 26 , I was planing to go to Pensacola to see my older sister , But this trip was my the worst and unforgot trip .
On mar 26 , I was planing to go to Pensacola to see my older sister , but this trip is my worst and most unforgettable trip .
First I need go to Seattle - Tacoma international airport and go to Houston to transfer the airplane , and the touble is coming : When the first flight was ready to fly , the attendant has told us that this plane was detected a `` unpredict `` problem onthis flight and then they started to explain the question which the passanger asked .
First I need to go to Seattle - Tacoma International Airport and go to Houston to transfer the airplane , and the touble was coming : When the first flight was ready to fly , the attendant has told us that this plane was detected a `` unpredict `` problem on this plane and then they started to explain the question which the passanger asked .
First , I needed to go to Seattle - Tacoma international airport and go to Houston to transfer airplanes . This is when the trouble starts . When the first flight was ready to take off , the attendant told us that there was an unpredicted problem on the flight and then they started answering questions the passengers asked .
About 2 hours after , they said that the Contiental Airplane can help us that change the another airplane and we can go on trip right away .
About 2 hours after , they said that the Contiental Airline could help us that change the another airplane so that we can go on trip right away .
About 2 hours after , they said that the Continental Airline can help us change to another airplane and then we can leave right away .
Then I have to the Terminal and go to the another gate in order to I can go to Pensacola as quickly as possible .
Then I have to back to the Terminal and went to the another boarding gate in order to I can go to Pensacola as quickly as possible .
Then I have to go to the Terminal and go to another gate in order to go to Pensacola as quickly as possible .
After 20 minutes the gate was open and we started to board the flight .
Sharn 's first trouble was ended .
Sharn 's first trouble ended .
Sharn 's first trouble has ended .
In 8 : 30 I arrived in the Houston international airport , whn I prepared to go to another borading gate , the flight number and destination was changed , I ask the fornt desk of Contiental Airplane and they told that this flight was cancelled cause the bad weather on the north of the America and So I had to stay in a hotel in one night .
In 8 : 30 I arrived in the Houston international Airport , when I prepared to go to another borading gate , the flight number and destination was changed , I ask the fornt desk of Contiental Airline and they told me that this flight was cancelled because the bad weather on the north part of the America and So I have to stay in a hotel on one night in Huston .
At 8 : 30 I arrived in the Houston international airport . When I prepared to go to another boarding gate , the flight number and destination was changed . I asked the front desk of Continental Airline and they told me that this flight was cancelled due to bad weather in North America . So I had to stay in a hotel for the night .
However , when I took a phone call to the hotel to ask the room , the staff told me that there was no more space in this hotel , So I have to go to Contiental Airplane service center to told them to change the hotel because this hotel was full , then they help me to contacted another hotel which has a room to rent .
However , when I took a phone call to the hotel to ask the room , the staff told me that there was no more space in this hotel , So I have to go to Contiental Airline service center to told them to change the hotel because this hotel was full , then they help me to contacted another hotel which has a room for rent to me .
However , when I called the hotel to ask about getting a room , the staff told me that there was no more space in the hotel . So I had to go to the Continental Airline service center and tell them to change the hotel because this hotel was full . Then they helped me contact another hotel which had a room to rent .
Finally I arrived the hotel to took a nap and prepare the flight in next day .
Finally I arrived the hotel to took a nap and prepare the flight next day .
Finally , I arrived at the hotel to take a nap and prepare for the flight the next day .
In 5 : 30 mar 27 , I was catching up the Shuttle Bus bewteen hotel and airport . 7 : 20 , I have boarded on plane which 's destnation is Pensacola and 2hour later , I arrived safely .
At 5 : 30 on mar 27 , I caught the Shuttle Bus between the hotel and the airport . At 7 : 20 I boarded the plane that was destined for Pensacola and 2 hours later I arrived safely .
In conculsion , this is my first time to travel abroad on U .
In conclusion , this is my first time to travel abroad on U .
A , I have found out some useful experiences on some emergency situaion on the flight .

Daughter 's Loose Tooth
My daughter 's front upper tooth is loose these days .
My daughter 's front upper tooth has become loose these days .
We was waiting for the tooth coming out , I found some of the tooth was getting violet during yesterday dinner .
While we were waiting for the tooth coming out , I found some of the tooth had turned violet during dinner yesterday .
After dinner , I looked at the back of it .
The middle of the back got to be red .
The middle of the back had turned red .
I felt something strange , because I 've never seen the loose baby tooth like this .
I 'm worried about it and called the dentist this morning .
I was worried about it and called the dentist this morning .
The doctor told me that it 's no problem , even if a loose baby tooth is getting violet or red , but he 's not sure if it 's fine unless he looks at it .
The dentist told me that it 's no problem , even if a loose baby tooth turns violet or red , but he 's not sure if it 's fine unless he looks at it .
Then I made a appointment for her .
Then I made an appointment for her .
It 's fifteen to six today .
It 's quarter to six today .
She is out for her piano lesson .
After she comes home , I 'll take her to the dentist .
She was afraid of it , when I told her about the appointment .
I hope that she will go there without any trouble .

Marathon in this heat
I ran a marathon , 42 . 195km , yesterday .
Yesterday , I ran a marathon , 42 . 195km .
The highest temperature was about 35 degrees celsius .
It was too hot to run a long distance , even to do any other exercise outdoors .
It was too hot to run a long distance , or even to do any other exercise outdoors .
However , I got it done .
It was very tough , you know .
Of course I could not run as fast as usual due to the heat .
I had to have some rests on the way and hydrate several times .
I poured water over my head some times too .
I poured water over my head several times , too .
I ran in the shade as possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight .
I ran in the shade as much as possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight .
I ran in the shade as much as OR when possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight .
It was very tough again , but I did it .
It was very tough , but I did it .

I 'm looking forward to see .
I 'm looking forward to seeing it .
Today , I drew a picture for a Band of my friends .
Today , I drew a picture for my friend 's band .
the picture ( a man standing by the sea as sun shining ) will be printed on T - shirts .
The picture , a man standing by the sea as the sun shines down on him , will be printed on T - shirts .
I only know them on the web .
I only know the band from the web .
I do n't meet them actually .
I 've never meet them in person .
but , next month I 'm going to see them for the first time .
But , next month I 'm going to see them for the first time .
I wish they will like this T - shirts .
I hope they will like these T - shirts .

I started to walking everyday .
I started to walk everyday .
I want to do running , but it 's too hard for me .
I want run instead , but it 's too hard for me .
So , I made up my mind to start walking .
I went to Umenokouji - park near my house .
This park is pretty big , and many flower gardens in it .
This park is pretty big , with many flower gardens in it .
Now , the rape blossoms and the kind of cherry blossoms are at their
Now , the rape blossoms and a certain kind of cherry blossoms are at their
best now .
It was beautiful !
But my foot and back hurts .
But my foot and back hurt .
Maybe muscular pain . . .

Terrible homework : (
Oh my god , tomorro is Monday again and we have to hand in our weekend homework , but there are so much homework to do .
Oh my god , tomorrow is Monday again and we have to hand in our weekend homework , but there are so much homework to do .
I hate writing down the English sentences that I wrote in wrong ways for so many times .
I hate repeatedly rewriting the English sentences that I wrote incorrectly .
It does n't make any effect on my English learning !
It does n't have any effect on my English learning !
What I need to do is just correct in one time and remember them so that I wo n't make the same mistakes again .
What I need to do is just correct it once and remember them so that I wo n't make the same mistakes again .
Oh I really do n't realize what the teachers are thinking .
Oh I really do n't know what the teachers are thinking .
I have to go and ' fight ' with my terrible homework .
Bless me . . .
Maybe you mean ' Wish me luck . . . '

A Christmas party in church
I attended to a Christmas party in church on last Saturday that was held for working people .
I attended a Christmas party at church last Saturday that was held for working people .
They held many simple games .
They had many simple games .
Most of them were like for child , but Filipinos were so competitive and serious that I could n't follow their spirits .
An accident happened when we were playing musical chairs .
There remain last 4 people and 3 chairs .
There were 4 people and 3 chairs .
They were dancing with music and the music stopped all of a sudden .
A girl of them , who is my friend , took off the chair another girl was trying to sit on and she fell on her backside !
One of the girls , who is my friend , pulled out the chair another girl was trying to sit on and she fell on her backside !
Some were laughing at it and some were just surprised at it .
It was unbelievable for me because I 've done same thing when I was child and my teacher scolded me so much .
It was unbelievable for me because I 've done the same thing when I was a child and my teacher scolded me so much .
It can damage the spinal cord .
I was determined not to play games with her anymore .

Scolarship application ^ ^
Hey everyone !
This is my first English journal ( already have a few in japanese ^ ^ )
I had previously decided not to write in English , because I already practice with my family in Australia ( casual conversations ) , but they 're too nice to correct my mistakes , so I 'm counting on you ; - )
Here it goes :
I 'm applying for an UWC ( United World Colleges ) scholarship this year , actually I have the interview this saturday so , you can imagine how nervous I am .
Some of you might have heard of this organization , for those who have n't I 'll explain a little ^ ^
Some people say it 's an international school , might be . . , but in fact it 's a lot more than that .
Some people say it 's an international school , and it might be . . , but in fact it 's a lot more than that .
It 's a non - profit organization that brings students from around the globe together , students are selected on merit through a total or partial scholarship program , so the ability to pay is n't taken in count at all .
It 's a non - profit organization that brings students from around the globe together . Students are selected based on merit through a total or partial scholarship program , so the ability to pay is n't taken into account at all .
All the selected students get to go to one of the 13 UWC around the world , the locations are : Norway , Netherlands , Wales , Italy , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Swaziland , Singapore , India , Hong Kong , USA , Canada , Costa Rica and Venezuela .
The biggest aim of the colleges is to use education to achieve international understanding and peace : )
I want one of those scholarships so bad , it 's my dream to get to know more of the world , get to know a lot of cultures , to be able to speak foreign languages fluently .
I want one of those scholarships so bad , it 's my dream to get to know more of the world , to get to know a lot of cultures , and to be able to speak foreign languages fluently .
And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds , it 's what makes UWC so special to me , it 's the perfect place for everything that I want to do .
And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds is what makes UWC so special to me , it 's the perfect place for everything that I want to do .
Besides living in campus with classmates , studying , working ( community service ) and a lot more things .
I just ca n't imagine the way it would n't impact on my life , such a wonderful experience .
I just ca n't imagine the way it would impact my life , such a wonderful experience .
In my country only three of these scholarships are available this year : Norway , Singapore and Italy .
I do n't actually know the number of applicants this year but it wo n't surpass 40 people ^ ^
So if I get selected , get ready norwegian , italian and chinese speakers because I might ask for some help XD
Thanks a lot for reading ! ! ! and sorry if it was too long
( could n't help it ) ^ ^
Take care = )

the amazing change
My brother often made me sad since he had finished the service in the army .
My brother has often made me sad since he finished his army service .
He began to smoke and play game day and night in cybercafe .
He began to smoke and play games day and night in a cybercafe .
For this , my little sister and I had to often find him to cybercafe .
Because this , my little sister and I had to often go and find him in the cybercafe .
His phone was always closed and he did 't go to home to sleep at night .
His phone was always off and he did 't go to home to sleep at night .
I remebered for waiting him , result in weeping all night .
I remebered waiting for him , resulting in me weeping all night .
My parents hoped that he can go to China with them together and they maybe change his temp and bad habits .
My parents hoped that he would go to China together with them and that maybe thay can change his temper and bad habits .
But he insist to stay in Taiwan and keeping bad behavior , he made us pain and helpless .
But he insists on staying in Taiwan and on keeping his bad behavior , making us feel pain and helpless .
Today my father was rare to come to Taiwan , I was very happy .
Today my father on a rare visit , came to Taiwan . I was very happy .
And then my brother sid that he had a test . ( I do n't trust him , he had to be go to cybercafe . )
And then my brother said that he had a test . ( I do n't trust him , he had to be going to cybercafe . )
He said that he will come back at 4 or 5 o ' clock .
So we waited him until 6 o ' clock , he did 't still come home and my father lose his temper .
So we waited for him until 6 o ' clock , and when he did n't still come home and my father lost his temper .
He was angry and asked us to lock the door .
( If it 's time at 10 : 00 o ' clock and he does 't still come home , we decide to lock the door . )
( If it 's 10 : 00 o ' clock and he still has n't come home , we decide to lock the door . )
At 8 : 00 , when my brother came home , we were preapring for shouting at him .
At 8 : 00 , when my brother came home , we were preparing to shout at him .
Suddently he said that I decided to go to China with father , because I ca n't hold on myself .
Suddently he said , `` I have decided to go to China with father , because I ca n't hold onto myself `` .
We were so surprised and began to open our smiles .
We were so surprised and began to smile .
It 's so surprising that I cant believe it !
It 's so surprising that I ca n't believe it !
I always really worry him .
I always really worry about him .
Althought I do n't know he go to China if it is a good thing , he want to change himself make me happy .
Althought I do n't know him going to China is a good thing , that he want to change himself makes me feel happy .
Please god save and bless him .

Marine Day
It 's one of Japanese Holiday today .
It 's one of Japan 's Holidays today .
I heard only Japan has a holiday for marine in the world .
By the way , I like mountain much more .
By the way , I like mountains much more .
So please make mountain day
( as holiday of cource ) .
( as holidays of course ) .
Also , river day , lake day , meadow day . . . ( as holiday of cource ) .
Do you know that Japan ( being said as workaholic country ) has 15 holidays and these are most in developed countries ?
Do you know that Japan ( being describled as a workaholic country ) has 15 holidays , the most out of all developed countries ?
Of cource , I did n't know .
Of course , I did n't know .

I came back
Today my husband and elder daughter went to Tokyo 's home and younger daughter and I remained in Kyoto .
I got a little free time , so I restart Lang - 8 ! !
I ( have ) a little free time , so I ( have restarted ) using Lang - 8 ! !
A lot of things happened this month .
A lot of things have happened this month .
I ca n't describe all things but our family is very good now .
I ca n't describe ( everything ) , ( comma ) but our family is very good now .
In Japan , a huge earthquake happened as you know .
Our relative do n't live in Tohoku area but my husband 's friend 's house was drifted by big tsunamis .
Our ( relatives ) do n't live in the Tohoku area , ( comma ) but my husband 's friend 's house was ( destroyed ) by big tsunamis .
Recently we do n't hear the status after that from the friend .
We always worry his family .
We are always ( worrying ) about his family .

I did n't feel well today
I have a slight fever .
I had a slight fever .
tomorrow is likely work hard .
Work will likely be hard / tough tomorrow .

Today is Saturday .
If you could translate this paragraph , , , Would you be able to do it ?
But Why I am still in library ! ! ! ? ?
because I got exams coming soon ! > . <
After finishing off all the my exams at the end of June ,
I 'm gon na flying back to Seoul and have a holiday !

Greece is very hot !
I went to Greece last month .
It was very hot there , and I got a sunburn in my left arm .
It was very hot there , and I got sunburn on my left arm .
Athens are full of people and dilapidated ancient monuments .
Athens is full of people and dilapidated ancient monuments .
The trip in Athens does n't make me relaxed .
The trip to Athens did n't relax me .

Result of 17th september work
Result of 17th September work
Today , I thought it very deeply .
Today , I thought [ about something ] very deeply .
What should be the artist , What should a bussinesman .
What should an artist be like , what should a bussinesman be like .
When I make it a mistake , Brandig inpact .
When I make a mistake , there is a brand impact .
I am as a artist aspiration .

Miss Favour Barkani wrote me a letter !
I received a letter from a young girl from U .
I received a letter from a young girl from the U .
I think she is a hacker and I will not write her back .
What do you think about her ?
The content of the letter is shown below .
My name is Miss Favour barkani , I am a young girl seeking for your relationship .
I am interested in you , I will like you email me back at my ( favourbarkani @ yahoo .
I am interested in you , I will like if you email me back at my ( favourbarkani @ yahoo .
uk ) because I will like to scan my photo and you will understand me well .
uk ) because I will like to scan my photo so you will understand me well .
Age , colour and distance will not stop the relationship .
Miss Favour

Hawaii Vol , 2
Hawaii Vol . 2
Hawaii Vol . 2
Hi there .
Today , I write about my trip again .
Today , I will write about my trip again .
Today , I will write about my trip again .
There was vivid magenta Bougainvillea near the Kailua beach park .
There was a vivid magenta Bougainvillea near the Kailua beach park .
There was a vivid magenta Bougainvillea bush near the Kailua beach park .
I uploaded that picture .
Then we took the lunch at a restaurant we have seen on the magazine .
It was delicious a fruit salad I ordered .
I ordered a delicious fruit salad .
The third day , we went to Laniakea beach .
This beach is very famouse about that the sea turtle come to have sunbath .
This beach is very famous for the sea turtles that come to sunbathe there .
This beach is very famous for having sea turtles come to shore ( or sand ) to sunbath .
At this time , there is no sea turtle on the beach , instead there is a hawaiian monk .
At that time , there were no sea turtles on the beach , instead there was a Hawaiian monk seal .
He was big and just sleeping on the beach .
He was big and was just sleeping on the beach .
That figure was so pretty .

About a bus system .
NYC has very convenient a bus system .
It covers all of the city .
Bus stops are every 2 or 3 blocks .
People do n't need to walk here but it takes to many hours to get your destination because the bus stops many times .
Is it really convenient ?
I think that all systems in this world has an advantage and a disadvantage .
I think that all bus systems in the world hastheir advantages and disadvantages .
If they shout capitalism and rational in this country , this system is more considered by them .

big homework
I 'm on summer vacation now .
I have many homework .
I have lots of homework .
I have n't done it during summer vacation .
So I 'm going to go to library to do it . . . . .
So I 'm going to go to the library to do it . . . . .
I do n't want to do it . . .
But I have to . . . . .
Instead of did n't do it , I got great memories ! !
Instead of not doing it , I got great memories ! !
I 'll write down here ! !

Today , I went to a dentist .
Today , I went to a dentist .
cuz I have a toothache at lastnight -
because I had a toothache last night -
it 's very painful , I do n't wanna go to a dentist .
it is very painful , I do n't want to go to the dentist .
but I have to go tmw again for my teethridge .
but I have to go tomorrow again for my teethridge .
I do n't know why I have a cavity dakneunde , I take a brush on daily .
I do n't know why I have a cavity dakneunde , I brush my teeth daily .
terrible . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Baby has come !
The baby has arrived !
The year 2011 has started with bringing a new baby to my family .
The year 2011 has started with the arrival of a new baby in my family .
My second son , Fal ( his nickname in this diary ) is healthy and sleeps well .
His older brother , Pax likes to take care of him .
His older brother , Pax , likes to take care of him .
It 's lovely to see the older trying to hold the little one and to hear what he talks to the baby .
It 's lovely to see the older trying to hold the little one and to hear what he says to the baby .
People say the older one often gets jealous to the new comer and acts nasty , or behaves like a baby .
People say that the older one often gets jealous of the newcomer and acts nasty , or behaves like a baby .
Yes , I can see now Pax sometimes pretends to be a small baby - he wants to suck my breast a little and he crawls .
But I can see now that Pax sometimes pretends to be a small baby - he sometimes wants to feed / nurse from my breast and he crawls .
I look forward to seeing how they grow their relationship between two brothers .
I look forward to seeing how they their relationship as brothers develops .
I hope they can be the best friends with each other .
I hope they can be the best of friends with each other .

How do you do ?
Hi , my name is Shiro
I 'm Began to learn English
I 'm starting to learn English
Nice to meet you .

Hellooo ^ ^
I 'm university student .
I 'm a university student .
I like to play Kendo . do you know Kendo ?
Kendo is a Japanese martial arts .
( looks like a fencing ) I started it at elementary student .
( looks like a fencing ) I started it as an elementary student .
So I 'm playing Kendo so long time .
So I 've been playing Kendo for a long time .
Last year I went to France Toulouse one month .
Last year I went to Toulouse , France for one month .
there was a very good place ! !
That was a very good place ! !
I studied French a little .
It was very funny , because firsttime I try to speak French but I could n't communicate with people well .
It was very funny , because the first time I tried to speak French I could n't communicate with people well .
So after few days , I became always using English .
So after few days , I started always using English .
That is why , I ca n't speak French . haha !
But I like French language and want to know the culture !
I 'm interested in the culture of various country .
I 'm interested in the cultures of various countries .
I want to talk with different country people .
I want to talk with people from different countries .
I 'm waiting your contact ! xD

About the Project Manager
What is the duty of the Project Manager ?
What does the work position mean ?
Many such questions often come up in one 's mind .
The Project Manager is the person who makes a deliberate schedule for a project and supervises the whole execution process .
The Project Manager should have a set of skills or techniques , including the abilities to raise the sharp questions , detect the unknown assumptions , and solve the confilicts between people , etc .
The Project Manager should have a set of skills or techniques , including the abilities to raise the sharp questions , detect the unknown assumptions , and solve the conflicts between people , etc .
, and including many skills in modern management as well .
Also including many skills in modern management as well .
The major responsibility of the Project Manager is to identify different risks to affect the success of the Project , which should be measured by formal or informal ways throughout the whole project 's lifetime .
The major responsibility of the Project Manager is to identify different risks that affect the success of the Project , which should be measured by formal or informal ways throughout the whole project .
Risks always generate from the uncertainty of the project .
Risk always generates from the uncertainty of the project .
A successful project manager often takes the risks as the matter being paid much close attention to .
A successful project manager often takes the risk of paying to much attention to the matter .
All problems to affect the project usually appear in different types like these or those .
A good project manager is able to reduce the risks of a project significantly , persisting in the open policies to communicate with each other so as to give each participator in the project many opportunities to express their own opinions and suggestions .
I agree with such a opinion as a qualified project manager is not only from studying but more from practicing .
I agree with such a opinion as a qualified project manager comes not only from studying , but more from practicing . .

School trip ! !
I will go on a school trip in Hokkaido on September 15 ~ 18 .
I will go on a school trip to Hokkaido from September 15th to the 18th .
I have never been to Hokkaido so I 'm looking forward to going there .
I have never been to Hokkaido so I 'm looking forward to going .
I will go to Otaru and Furano in Hokkaido .
Do you know there ?
In fact , I hardly know about there .
In fact , I hardly know anything about them .
So I do n't teach you the information .
So I ca n't do n't teach you anything .
Sorry . . .
But I will tell you the memory when I return a school trip .
But I will tell you about it when I return from my school trip .
See you !

Book Report on `` Elmer and the Dragon `` part 1
I firstly read Japanese version when I was 6 or 7 years old .
I first read the Japanese version when I was 6 or 7 years old .
Now I 've just finished reading the book in English .
This is a second book of the series `` My Father 's Dragon `` as you know .
This is the second book in the series `` My Father 's Dragon `` as you know .
Its English is easy but it makes me clearly imagine each scene .
The English is easy but it makes me clearly imagine each scene .
The rhythm of sentences are easy to read .
The rhythm of the sentences make it easy to read .
So I like reading this book out loud .
This story begins with the scene in which the dragon saved and flied away from the island where the ferocious animals had locked him .
This story begins with a scene in which a dragon was saved and flew away from an island where ferocious animals had locked him up .
9 - years Elmer saved the dragon .
9 - year old Elmer saved the dragon .
Now they were on their way home .
Then they were on their way home .
First they set on Tangerina Island with many of tangerines .
First they came across Tangerina Island with many tangerines .
After suffering from storm , they flied down to a little green island .
After suffering a storm , they flew down to a little green island .
At that place they met canaries whose king were sick of curiosity .
There they met some canaries whose king was sick from curiosity .
This is the end of the former part .
This is the end of the first part .
The latter I will write tomorrow .
I will write about the final part tomorrow .

On Sunday
Sunday , December 5 . sunny and chilly
It was pretty good , today .
Because , I studied with my friend K , about optimistic training for special education children .
Because , I ( study ) with my friend K , about optimistic training for special education ( educated ) children .
I have wanted to this study for long time .
I wanted to study this long time ago .
So , I felt that today was a day of my dreams came true !
So , I felt ( feel ) that today is a day which my dreams comes true !
The teacher gave a full detail of the point .
So , I felt satisfied that time .
So , I felt satisfied

a new month
in the morning
it rained heavily
I go on taking my driving lessons
it turned to be sunny
it turned sunny
and the air is fresh
after sauna
I did some exercises
finally it goes up to 90scores
I hope I can make it
talking to sanh all the afternoon
I feel moved and happy
hope we can handle our life smoothly

im getting nervous
Tomorrow Im gon na take a SSAT .
Tomorrow Im gon na take the SSAT .
Hopefully I can make it and get good marks ! !
gim me a luck & plz cross ur fingers ( everyone on Lang - 8 ) for me !
wish me luck luck & plz cross ur fingers ( everyone on Lang - 8 ) for me !

For English - language acquisition
Currently , I usually watching English movie for English - language acquisition .
Currently , I often watch English movies in order to practice English .
Currently , I usually watch English movies for English - language acquisition .
My favorite movie is as following ,
My favorite movies are as follows :
- Back to the future
- Back to the Future
- Kiki 's delivery service
- Kiki 's Delivery Service
- The holiday
- The Holiday
- Catch me if you can
. . . etc
I like SF , love romance , and action .
I like SF , romance , and action ( movies ) .
The movie which I like is a fine feeling and a feeling gentle .
The movies I like have a gentle , fine feel .
Could you tell me a wonderful movie that even an English beginner understands ?
Or Please let me know a wonderful movie also in difficult English .
Or also please let me know a wonderful movie in difficult English .
Or , Please let me know a wonderful movie that is also difficult in English .
Thanks : )

Julia and Robert
One summery night in 1998 , my husband 's Chinese subordinate gave us two turtles when we invited him to dinner .
Everytime he came to our house before , he brought us something nice and exotic from China , but that night he ran out of the souvenoirs he had brought from home .
Every time he came to our house before , he brought us something nice and exotic from China - however , he had ran out of souvenirs that he had brought from home that particular night .
So he handed out to my daughters two plastic cages , one for each , in which a little creature was making rattling noises on the pebbles .
So he handed to each of my daughters a plastic cage in which a little creature was making rattling noises on the pebbles .
I love animals but I had never cared for reptiles so much .
I loved animals but I had never fancied reptiles that much .
To my surprise , I told our guest a white lie , saying that the turtles he brought were so cute .
So as to be polite , I suprisingly told our guest a white lie - commenting that the turtles he brought were absolutely aadorable .
Years passed and they grew .
Years passed , and they grew as time flew by .
I once brought them to a vet when they got sick ( symptoms - - - no appetite and swollen eyes , treatment - - - two shots ) and spent 200 dollars .
I once brought them to a vet when they got sick . They suffered symptoms like having no appetite and swollen eyes . The treatment was two shots and it cost me 200 dollars .
I had once brought them to a vet when they fell ill ( symptoms - - - no appetite and swollen eyes , treatment - - - two shots ) and spent 200 dollars on their treatment .
Now I love them .
Now , I love them so much !
It 's so funny that love comes out of nowhere .
It 's so funny in an ironical way that love seems to appear out of nowhere .
It 's pure emotion .
It 's pure emotion towards these turtles .
My daughter has named the turtles Mai - chan and Chibi - chan , but I 'm secretly calling them Julia and Robert .
My daughter has named the turtles Mai - chan and Chibi - chan , but I 'm actually secretly calling them Julia and Robert .

What a site !
Nice to meet you .
I 'm very excited now , for I 've known this site .
I 'm very excited for finding this site .
I 'm learning English and want to improve my English .
I 'm learning English and want to improve it .
So , I have been looking for someone to correct my English .
I did n't know there is a useful website like this .
I did n't know there was a useful website like this .
I 'll make the best use of it from now .
Please help me improve my English .
Of course , I 'll help you with your Japanese .

programing is very difficult
programming is very difficult
today , I start to stady programing .
today , I start to study programming .
but Idid n't understood php .
but I did n't understand php ( ? ) .
it is very difficult .
it is very difficult .
I will get ability of programing .

Start learning English
I write diary in English for the first time .
I 'm writing a diary entry in English for the first time .
I have a purpose to study English .
It 's travel to foreign country with my father .
It 's travel to a foreign country with my father .
When I was a child , I promised my father to be able to speak English and to take him to foreign country .
When I was a child , I promised my father that I would become able to speak English and to take him to a foreign country .
I have forgotten it .
So , I study English and take him to foreign country .
So , I will study English and take him to a foreign country .

Football : the real obsession of Italian men
On monday morning if you have breakfast in an Italian bar you 'll listen comments about the result of sunday football matches .
On monday morning if you have breakfast in an Italian bar you 'll hear comments about the results of Sunday 's football matches .
In Italian championship there are 20 teams ( in Premier League ) ; the teams with the best players are : Juventus , Inter , Milan and Rome .
In the Italian championship there are 20 teams ( in Premier League ) ; the teams with the best players are : Juventus , Inter , Milan and Rome .
Every sunday the teams begin playing at 3 o ' clock p . m . , the match lasts 90 minutes .
Every Sunday the teams begin playing at 3 o ' clock p . m . , the match lasts 90 minutes .
Soon after the end , sports programs airs on tv till 7 p .
Soon after the games end , sports programs air on tv till 7 p .
In a television studio sports commentators talk about the results of each match , the behaviour of referees and players .
There are link - ups with sports journalist in each stadium , interviews to the coaches or players and images of several goals , corner kicks , free kicks , penalty kicks , expulsions , warnings and failed goals .
There are link - ups with sports journalist in each stadium , interviews with the coaches or players and images of several goals , corner kicks , free kicks , penalty kicks , expulsions , warnings and failed goals .
After prime time , other sports programs start again for those who in the afternoon did n't stay at home watching the television .
After prime time , other sports programs start again for those who did n't stay at home in the afternoon watching the television .
On monday morning after `` a day `` television commentaries there are also those of the fans !
On Monday morning after `` a day `` television commentaries there are also those of the fans !
All this it 's exaggerated for me !

100327 ( E ) The last nomad in the world .
This title is the mail title in my homepage .
Why did I decide like that ?
Why did I pick that ?
Actually I do not remember that why I chose the word .
Actually I do not remember why I chose the phrase .
But when I review my life in Australia until now ,
I would be able to call `` nomad `` to me .
I would be able to call myself a `` nomad . ``
Because I have been unable to stay one place 3 months more .
Because I have been unable to stay in one place for more than 3 months .
No , only two times .
The first one was when I lived in Penola , SA .
At that time , I did work in vineyards .
Because of that experiences , I could do the job with various skills .
Because of that experience , I could do jobs with various skills .
I do not know my schedule how long to stay here .
I do not know how long my schedule to stay here is .
Unfortunately , the rainy season was so long . . .
Although many people living in this accomodation is getting worried
Although many people living in this accommodation are getting worried
about their financial status and stressed about anything .
So am I .
A lot of environments around me would give me influences .
But whatever , it is true I usually move from one to other .
However I do not regret this life .
I can experience diversed life styles with this time in Australia .
I can experience diverse lifestyles with this time in Australia .
At least , I will exactly predict that I think I get good experiences in Austraila
At least , I will exactly predict that I think I 'll get good experience in Australia
if I am back to South Korea .
if I return to South Korea .

I wish I were him
Do you know a news that a merican guy got $ 232 million jackpot ?
Did you hear the news that an American guy won a $ 232 million jackpot ?
232 MILLION DOLLARS ! ?
I ca n't even image the amount of it !
I ca n't even imagine such an amount !
A real lucky guy !
He 's a really lucky guy !
I wish I were him .
I wish I were him .
But I worry him a bit this gigantic mone drive him crazy or make him ruin his life .
But I worry a little that this much money will drive him crazy or ruin his life .
Mass media overly report him .
The mass media reports on him excessively .
I know this is an affair get viwer attention , including me .
I know this is just to get viewers ' attention , me included .
I think they should think over again their sensation - seeking nature .
I think they should reflect on their sensation - seeking nature .
I hope people surrounding him leave him alone a little .
I hope the people surrounding him leave him alone a little .

It 's getting cold .
It 's getting cold in korea .
I like cool weather .
when I drew a deep breath I feel better .
when I draw a deep breath I feel better .
but I feel being lonley .
but I feel lonley .
but I feel lonley .
but I feel lonely .
I broke up with boyfriend few weeks ago .
I broke up with my boyfriend few weeks ago .
I broke up with my boyfriend a few weeks ago .
I still miss him .
I ca n't even see him because he live in another country .
I ca n't even see him because he lives in another country .
I ca n't even see him because he lives in another country .
and also I broke of relationship with friend .
and also , I broke off relationship with a friend .
and also I broke a relationship with a friend .
and also I broke off a relationship with a friend .
she was my bestfriend .
she was my best friend .
but she made me unpleasant and rude , I do n't wanna touch with her anymore .
but she made me feel bad , I do n't wanna get in touch with her anymore .
but she made me unpleasant and mad , I do n't wanna be in touch with her anymore .
but she was unpleasant and rude , so I do n't wanna be in touch with her anymore .
It 's really hard time for me .
It 's really a hard time for me .
It 's a really hard time for me .
however I feel relife ,
however I feel relief .
however I feel relief ,
I trying to get a job .
I 'm trying to get a job .
I 'm trying to get a job .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go to trevel alone .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go to travel alone .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go to travel alone .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go traveling alone .
china , tibet , nepal , India , Thailand !
china , tibet , nepal , India , and Thailand !
I failed get a job few times , but It 's Ok .
I failed to get a job few times , but It 's Ok .
I failed to get a job few times , but It 's Ok .
I failed to get a job a few times , but It 's Ok .
I keep trying that .
I keep trying .
I keep trying .
I really wanna go to another country , as soon as possible .
I hope make new good friends ! !
I hope I make new good friends ! !

a toothache
Today , I have a toothache .
I have a toothache today .
I 'm wondering whether I shold go dental clinic or not .
I 'm wondering whether I should go to a dental clinic or not .
I hate dental clinic although I have been enough adult .

Recently , I have studied a lot of subjects .
As one subject , I have physics .
This is my favorite subject , and so interesting !
This is my favorite subject , and it is so interesting !
In my childhood , I wondered why is it that the more distances things fall , the faster they fall .
The principles are amazing !

Jigsaw puzzle
The picture you can see in my profile is a package of jigsaw puzzle .
The picture you can see in my profile the package of a jigsaw puzzle .
It 's a 1000 - piece puzzle .
I thought I could finish it in a week or so . . . . . .
I thought I could finish it in a week or so ,
But it 's very very difficult ! ! ! ! ! !
but it 's very very difficult ! ! ! ! ! !
Most of pieces are red , so all pieces look alike .
Most of the pieces are red , so all the pieces look alike .
I have n't finished it yet , for your information .
For your information , I have n't finished it yet .

About my hobbies
My hobbies are ski and judo .
My hobbies are skiing and judo .
My hobbies are skiing and judo .
I have skied since I become junior high school student .
I have skied since I became a junior high school student .
I have been skiing since I was a junior high school student .
It is very enjoyable for me .
But this cost is very incredible high ! !
But the cost is incredible high ! !
But the cost is incredibly high ! !
On the other hand , judo is a reasonable sport .
On the other hand , judo is a reasonable sport .
I have black belt .
I have a black belt .
But I am very weak .
My time boat is totally capsized .
The Earth still goes round making day and night .
But recently , I 've got no day because I awoke all night long and then slept until the sun
But recently , the day does n't exist for me because I stay awake all night long and then slept until the moon
shining right above my head .
is shining right above my head .
This is kind of weird that how hard I try , it 's getting worse and
it is kind of weird that no matter how hard I try , it 's getting worse and
worse . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It 's already eight in the morning and no need to say , I am still keeping my eyes open even
It 's already eight in the morning and no need to say , I my eyes are still open even
with a breakfast !
though it is breakfast time !
( . . . yawning )
I would creep into my bed in a few minute .
I will creep into my bed in a few minute .

Education in Spain
Why I choose today education as a subject ?
Why did I choose today education as a subject ?
Maybe because as a kindergarden finishing child 's father I 'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the next years .
Maybe because as a father whose child is finishing kindergarten I 'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the following years .
And because I realize now , when it has become my problem , that nowadays education in schools needs to face seveeral challenges to be usefull for the children an for the society .
And because I realize , now that it has become my problem , that nowadays education in schools needs to face several challenges to be useful for children and for society .
Of course I 'm not an expert , and sure I 'm going to be unaccurate and subjetive , but I 'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation .
Of course I 'm not an expert , and without doubt I 'll be inaccurate and subjetive , but I 'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation .
First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved changing the curriculum if we do n't help the teachers to adapt themselves to it .
First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved by changing the curriculum if we do n't help teachers to adapt themselves to it .
For instance , we are increasing the teaching in English in primary schools with the same teachers .
I think that change needs , at least , formation programs for the teachers .

Climbing a Mountain with a Tent
This weekend I 'm going to try to climb a mountain , Mt .
Houou , with my girlfriend and her friends .
We 're going to take a tent , a sleeping bag , and so on with us so that we can sleep in the tent in the mountain .
We 're going to take a tent , a sleeping bag , and so on with us so that we can sleep in the tent on the mountain .
It 's the first time for me to stay in a tent in a mountain , so it sounds really exciting .
It 's my first time staying in a tent on a mountain , so it sounds really exciting .
By the way , `` Houou `` means Phoenix in Japan .
I do n't know why they call it Mt .
Phoenix , but it 's really beautiful .
It has an obelisk on its peak .
It has an obelisk at its peak .
I hope that I can carry those heavy staffs and enjoy climbing .
I hope that I can carry all that heavy stuff and still enjoy climbing .

where will life take you
I luv travelling and I had never travelled by myself before until I felt it was time 4 me to slip away to get some fresh air outside in April .
I love traveling and I had never traveled by myself before . I felt it was time 4 me to slip away to get some fresh air outside in April .
I surely know that it is irresponsible to disappear without saying goodbye to dad & mom .
I surely know that it is irresponsible to disappear without saying goodbye to dad & mom .
what 's more , I definitely know that I would hurt them , scare them and let them worry about me .
what 's more , I definitely knew that I would hurt them , scare them and make them worry about me .
but , at that moment , I just wanna take my ticket , searching some places to calm down and release stress .
but , at that moment , I just wanted to take my ticket , searching some places to calm down and release stress .
Lijiang , a place where I could temporarily forget the pressure , slow down the pace and enjoy myself lounging and taking pics freely and comfortably .
Lijiang , a place where I could temporarily forget the pressure , slow down the pace and enjoy myself lounging around and taking pics freely and comfortably .
the old town really gave me a shot 2 purify and borden my mind .
the old town really gave me a shot 2 purify and broaden my mind .
I made friends with strangers and now still keep in touch with them .
I made friends with strangers and now I still keep in touch with them .
30 pages diaries recorded my every happy and interesting moment there .
sometimes I 'd luv 2 review them , reminding me of those faces , the smell of sunshine and my footprints along all the trip .
sometimes I 'd luv 2 review them , reminding me of those faces , the smell of sunshine and my footprints during the trip .

I 'm Dominika and I 'm new here .
I 'm learning English in school ( 3 years ) .
I 've been learning English in school for three years .
3 years ago I was learning German ( 6 years !
Three years ago I was learning German , which I studied for six years !
And I was the best in the class ) , but now I forgot everything : < I wanna learn Finnish , but It 's very difficult .
And I was the best in the class , but now I 've forgotten everything . I wanna learn Finnish too , but it 's very difficult .
I 'm interested in other cultures , at most Japan ( and others Asian countries too ) , so when you 're Japanese , or Singaporean , or Korean , or other Asian , just write to me .
I 'm interested in other cultures , especially Japan ( and others Asian countries too ) , so if you 're Japanese , Singaporean , Korean , or other Asian , just write to me .

Today is the first day of the week .
And I go to the Badinh square to see the national flat to rise .
And I go to the Badinh square to see the national flag rise .
It is so cold , and dark .
But many people come there earlier to exercise .
But many people go there earlier to exercise .
After the dysacousia whistle , the national anthem sings strong .
After the dysacousia whistle , the national anthem is sung strongly
Everybody has a decent and dignified stand and resive silently through the sing .
Everybody has a decent and dignified stand and remain silent through the song .
when the flag is rise on the top of the flag tower is right time to finish the anthem . .
when the flag is on the top of the flag tower is the right time to finish the anthem .
Everybody come back the life .
The flag is flew on the Whiffing wind of the winter . . .

hey hey hey
Im really excited right now ! ! !
I 'm really excited right now ! ! !
I found the super interesting web site called Long - 8 .
I 've never seen this kind of site .
And I think it 's a really useful because Im sure there are lots of people who need a correction with their essay but ca n't find the way them to be corrected .
They even want their essay to be corrected .
Actually my boyfriend can correct my esaay but I dont want to ask him . . . because it 's a little bit embarrasing .
Actually my boyfriend can correct my essays but I do n't want to ask him . . . because it 's a little bit embarrassing .
So Im using this site for my English skill to improve .
So I 'm using this site to improve my English skills .
I think Ill write a blog casualy sometimes .
I think I 'll write a blog entry from time to time .
And im going to post a TOEFL writing essay as well : )
And I 'm going to post a TOEFL writing essay as well : )

My first day
This is my first diary on lang - 8 .
I am embarrased to say that I am not good at English but love to learn English .
I am embarrased to say that I am not good at English but love to learn it .
I am embarrassed to say that I am not good at English but would love to learn it .
Besides that if you want to learn japanese , I am happy to help you ,
Besides that if you want to learn Japanese , I would happy to help you ,
Well , let me cut my reduntant introduction hear and make some coments on latest news which drew my attention .
Well , let me cut my redundant introduction here and make some comments on latest news which drew my attention .
Well , let 's cut to the chase and let make some comments on latest news that drew my attention .
According to japanese TV news , 46000 people return to Japan after spending golden week in foreign country which is a collection of some national holidays .
According to Japanese TV news , some 46000 people return to Japan after spending their golden week holiday in a foreign country .
Due to thread of swine flue , so many people including nurse and airport staff check the traveler .
Due to threat of swine flu , many people including nurses and airport staff check travelers .
I saw one of those travelers who returnd from mexico complained hassle in airport .
I saw one of those travelers returning from mexico complained of the hassle at the airport .
but he should n't have gone if he complained .
but he should n't have gone if he did n't want to complain .
Remember that goverment warned against all non - essential travel in adovance and there are some people working on this case now instead of spending holiday .
Remember that goverment warned against all non - essential travel in advance and there are some people working on this case now instead of spending vacation .

Changing My Mind
Changing My Mind
We finally decided to the date for moving .
We finally decided on when we 're going to move .
We will move to another place to use three days holidays : 21 , 22 and 23 of November .
We will move to another place on three consecutiveholidays : the 21st , 22nd & nbsp ; and 23rd of November .
We will be move to another place & nbsp ; on November 21st , 22nd , and 23 which are on a 3 day holiday .
Therefore , I must pack all stuff in my house alone in twenty days .
Therefore , I must pack all thestuff in my house alone in twenty days .
Therefore , I must pack all the & nbsp ; stuff in my house alone in twenty days .
It sounds really tough for me . . . . . .
It sounds really tough and hard & nbsp ; for me . . . . . .
I guess that my daughter sometimes will help me but I do n't expect it .
I guess that my daughter will sometimes will help me but I do n't expect it .
I guess that my daughter sometimes will help me but I do n't expect her to .
In addition , if someone helps me , I will get confuse the content of boxes which I do n't pack by myself .
In addition , if someone helps me , I will get confused about the contents of theboxes which I do n't pack by myself .
If someone helps me , I will get confuse about the contents of the boxes I do n't pack .
Therefore , I want to pack them alone .
Therefore , I want to pack them alone .
I 'm sure that I must pack over 200 boxes .
I 'm sure that I must pack over 200 boxes .
Oh my gosh !
Oh my gosh ! ! ! !
In this moving , I will throw away all unnecessary things .
As we prepare to move , I will throw away all unnecessary things .
I will throw away all unnecessary things before we move
I know that there are bunch of boxes which I have n't opened yet after I moved here .
I know that there are a bunch of boxes which I have n't opened yet which I will after I moved here .
While I 've lived here , I bought a lot of things again .
While I 've lived here , I bought a lot of things .
I regret that I waste money to buy unnecessary things .
I regret the money I wasted to buy unnecessary things .
Are you the person who can throw away unnecessary things ?
Are you a person who can throw away unnecessary things ?
Are you a person who can throw away unnecessary things ?
In my case I 'm stingy and I ca n't throw away them daringly .
In my case I 'm stingy and I ca n't boldlythrow things & nbsp ; away .
In my case I 'm stingy and I ca n't throw anything away .
And I 've kept a lot of cardboard boxed which have not been opened yet in my house .
And I 've kept a lot of cardboard boxes which have not been opened yet
And I 've kept a lot of cardboard boxes which have not been opened yet in my house .
I will throw away all such boxes this time .
I will throw away all those boxes this time .
I want to change my mind and be a good house manager more .
I want to change my mind and be a better house manager .
I want to change my mind and be a Better house manager

My sweet old home
My home is very old , which had been constracted more than 35 years ago .
My home is very old . It was constructed more than thirty five years ago .
My house is very old . It was built more than 35 years ago .
But I like my home because it is very attractive !
However , I like my home because it is very attractive !
One of the reasons is how kind residents are .
One of the reasons is because of how kind the residents are .
They are frank and so kind to my little son .
Sometimes they scold him tenderly because of his innocence .
Sometimes they scold him , but it is always tenderly because of his innocence .
So I can feel that many residents watch my son and I really thank them .
So I feel that many residents watch out for my son , and I 'm really thankful .
However I have to move few weeks later !
However I have to move in a few weeks !
However I have to move in a few weeks !
The new home is not so far from here and its equipments are not old .
The new home is not so far from here and it has a more modern decor .
The new house is not so far from here , and its not as old my current house .
It must be convinient for me to live there . . .
But I have a confidence that I miss my present sweeet old home in the nearly future .
However , I have a confidence that I will miss my present sweet old home in the nearly future .

091107 ( E )
I moved into Burwood where is located in western suburb of Sydney .
I moved into Burwood , located in the western suburb of Sydney .
There are many Chinese also no chaging the city , so I could see many Chinese in here .
There are many Chinese in the city .
I just have been to some suburbs - - such as Silverwater , Strathfield , Manly - - so I have not have any informations about that .
I have been to some other suburbs such as Silverwater , and Strathfield . I do have not have any information about them .
However it was more peaceful and playful than things I think .
However , it was more peaceful .
I entered here as short - term accomondation - - it is similar to backpacker - - so I had to buy my own foods .
I entered here as short - term stay . It is similar to being a backpacker , so I had to buy my own food .
Luckily , it was near to Woolworth from my accomondation , so I bought somthing easily .
Luckily , it was near to Woolworth from my accommodation , so it was easy to buy food .
However , I just had one problem which is stragous atmosphere could not feel .
I think the reason why I lived in the city for a long time .
As a result , I became as the city person .
As a result , I became acity person .
I do not hate about it , but I do not like that too .
Actually , I am not from the city in South Korea .
When I was in South Korea , I lived in the countryside .
When I lived in South Korea , I lived in the countryside .
Anyway it would take long time to adapt myselfe to new circumtance .
It would take long time to adapt myself to this new life .
Lastly , I feel so fresh now because the atmosphere of outside is so silent and cool for me .
I feel good now because the atmosphere is silent

I drunk too much and I have a headache now .
I drank too much and now I have a headache .
But I had such a great night because I enjoyed Italian foods and drank lots .
But I had such a great night because I enjoyed eating Italian food and drinking .
I really felt like drinking and prepared for that .
I expected that I would be hammered .
I expected to be hammered .
I 've never had a headache during drinking .
I 've never had a headache while drinking .
I 'm kind of shocked because I feel I 'm a poor drinker .
I 'm kind of shocked because I believe myself to be a poor drinker .

Heavy Music .
I 'm absolutely indiscriminate when it comes to music and I can listen everything from pop to classical music .
I 'm absolutely indiscriminate when it comes to music and I can listen to everything from pop to classical music .
Actually it seems that I can live without music .
You know , I do n't walk everywhere with headphones and I have English podcasts on my iPod and not a lot of music .
Like all people of course I like live music in concerts and especially I love the live sound of an orchestra .
But I do n't go to concerts very often ( I do n't even know why ) .
More frequently I listen to music when I clean my room or in the solarium - I even dance there ha - ha .
I have already told you that my friend Zhuzha and I are absolutely different individuals and in music it is the same story - she likes rock , heavy metal and thrash metal . . .
Actually all types of heavy music .
I 'm just laughing that she is like a man .
I just laughand tease her that she is like a man .
Last spring she went to see Metallica and Megadeth in Moscow .
I went with her , but just to hang out in Moscow ( I like Metallica only with the symphony orchestra and some ballads as well ) .
I went with her , but just to hang out in Moscow ( I only like Metallica with the symphony orchestra and some ballads as well ) .
This spring she is going to go to Helsinki Finland to see Iron Maiden and she ca n't wait !
This spring she is going to go to Helsinki , Finland to see Iron Maiden and she ca n't wait !
Sometimes she gives me some ballads to listen to and as a rule I like them .
For example Tarot `` Tides `` is pretty beautiful and even the dangerous longhaired soloist is n't so terrible with his strong voice ( I want to show you this song - maybe you 'll like it too ! ) .
I should add that there is a lot of passion in heavy music and it 's pretty cool too !

My first diary in English
My first diary entry in English
I started to learn English recently .
My aim is working abroad after 5years .
My occupation is a desginer who make a promotion movie in a certain game company .
My occupation is a designer who makes a promotional movie in a certain game company .
I am a desginer ( designer ) who makes promotional movies in a particular game company .
I like reading ( foreign novels in particular ) , collecting figures and the internet .
I like reading ( foreign novels in particular ) , collecting figurines and surfing the internet .
I 'll white those things in the diary .
I 'll write about those things in the diary .
I 'll ( write ? ) those things in the diary .
My best regards .

First time come to here
First time coming here
HELLO everybody ~ ~ Very happy to come here to improve my English !
I really hope I can make many friends by means of Lang - 8 .
My English is kind of poor , because I come from a very small town , the English teacher here is amateur .
But I will try my best to learn English ! ! !
I hope everybody can help me ~
Thank you ~ ~

Happy , happy
It was typhoon last night .
There was a typhoon last night .
There was a typhoon last night .
But today , it is very funny .
But today , is very funny .
I am happy when it is fine .
Also , I could see Mt .
I could see Mt .
Fuji this morning in the southwest !
It has a lot of snow , and it looked very beautiful .
It has a lot of snow , and it look very beautiful .
It had a lot of snow , and it looked very beautiful .

My Study Hall
I 'm in a study hall .
I mean I decided to use the paid study hall that my younger brother goes .
I mean I decided to use the paid study hall that my younger brother goes to .
I mean , I decided to use the paid study hall that my younger brother goes to .
At first , I could n't access the internet by wireless LAN at the study hall .
At first , I could n't access the internet . by wireless LAN at the study hall .
But I have been able to access the internet since I had complained to a janitor of the study hall about that .
But I have been able to access it the internet since I had complained to a janitor . of the study hall about that .
But I have been able to access the internet since / after I made a complaint to the janitor .
Here is quiet and comfortable for studying and working .
Here it is quiet and comfortable for studying and working .
Hear , it is quiet and comfortable for studying and working .
I can put distance between me and every temptation and break away from the crowd , if I am in here .
I can put aside every temptations and break away from the crowd whenever I am here .
I am able to understand that my brother goes here everyday .
I am now able to understand that why my brother goes there everyday .
I am able to understand why my brother comes here everyday .
By the way , I think janitor of the study hall have nothing to do all the time .
By the way , I think the janitor of the study hall have has nothing to do all the time .
By the way , I think the janitor of this study hall has nothing to do most of the time .
I envy him and I want to run a study hall one day .
I envy him , I want to run a study hall one day .

Which is correct ?
Which one is correct ?
Wihch sentence is correct ?
which sentence is correct ?
Are you want delate ?
Do you want to delate ?

Autumn has come
I wake up in the eary morning today .
I woke up early in the morning today .
The Rain was falling down .
Cool wind blows from the window .
A cool wind / breeze was blowing through the window .
Has Autumn come ?
Has autumn come ?
I feel comfortable .
I was born in Autumn , so I like this season .
I was born in autumn , so I like this season .
I hang a picture on the wall .
When I ` m watching it , I feel nostalgia .
It ` s exist for Autumn .
It exists for autumn .

English Class Goes Online !
I took an English class yesterday .
It 's held online through live video and chat .
When I ask a question of the origin of the idiom `` cold turkey `` ,
When I asked a question about the origin of the idiom `` cold turkey `` ,
the teacher did n't know .
So he googled it , and he answered the question .
So he googled it , and then answered the question .
If more English teachers have their class online ,
If more English teachers had their classes online ,
it becomes more easy for English learners to take them .
it would become easier for English learners to take them .

I have a plan
That is a plan to help me improve my language english .
I am thinking a simple idea ,
I think it is a simple idea ,
it is when I post a new entry on my blog with language chinese .
My plan is : When I post a new entry on my blog in Chinese .
Then I also post a new entry on Lang - 8 with language english ,
Then I will also post a new entry on Lang - 8 in English ,
both of two are same content .
Both of them will have the same content .
I hope I can do it .

Athletic Festival
Last Friday it held Athletic Festival in my oldest daughter 's elementary school .
Last Friday , there was an Athletic Festival at my oldest daughter 's elementary school .
She was enjoying it and showed me excellent scene in her hoot - race .
She enjoyed it and showed me an excellent scene in her foot - race .
She was always last position in her members of three .
She was always in the last position out of the three members .
Both boy and girl in three are the delegate of relay race .
Both boys and girls in groups of three participated in the relay race .
She said that I was always last .
She said that she was always last .
Her mother told her that do n't never give up !
Her mother told her never to give up !
In this race she did n't be first but she won the girl .
In this race , she did n't get first place , but she still felt that she had won .
She gave us the best smile in the day from her goal .
She gave us her best smile at the end of the day .

A Herb 's workshop for beginner
How was your last weekend ?
I had a fruitful time on Saturday .
Let me show you some stories . . .
On Saturday , I went a workshop about Herb .
On Saturday , I went to a workshop about herbs .
Actually my close friend is Yoga teacher .
Actually a close friend is Yoga teacher .
She is interested in all of healthy life , for example Macrobiotics food
She is interested in all aspects of healthy living , including macrobiotic food .
, Herb and Ayurveda and so on .
, herbs , Ayurveda and so on .
From her influence , I have been interested in my own body and mind too .
Influenced by her , I have become interested in my own body and mind too .
The workshop 's teacher came to my friend 's studio from next prefecture !
The workshop 's teacher came to my friend 's studio from the next prefecture !
She came to here with lots of herb and some tools by her driving .
She came to here by car , bringing lots of herbs and some tools .
Though she is American , her Japanese sounds so beautiful !
She has lived in Japan for ten years . . .
I wonder if I lived somewhere foreign country , I also be a person like her .
She is like a sunflower and has a very natural attitude , positive power .
She is like a sunflower and has a very natural attitude and positive power .
I liked her soon .
I liked her immediately .
And I also thanks this meeting with her .
I thought I want to be her friend .
Today is over , I will tell you about the detail of workshop next journal .
Today is over , I will tell you about the details of the workshop in my next journal .

It 's wicked hot
Yesterday I played footsal ( kind of samll soccor ) with my friends .
Yesterday I played football ( soccer ) with my friends .
Yesterday I played futsal ( a kind of soccer ) with my friends .
We enjoyed it from 10 : 00am to 12 : 00pm .
We played from 10 : 00am to 12 : 00pm .
but it was awful hot day in Okayama Japan yesterday .
But it was an awfully hot day in Okayama Japan yesterday .
So one of our menber felt uncomfortably , and he vomited .
One of my friends felt uncomfortable , and he vomited .
So one of our members ( or teammates ) felt uncomfortable , and he vomited .
We baked in the blazing sun .
We baked in the blazing sun .
I still have pain in my skin . ohhhh
My skin is still burning .

Silly Bird .
How bird dare bully cat ?
I was also surprised at cat 's sudden pouncing on the burd !
Amazing !
How does the bird end up ?
It could be get eaten by cat .
Silly bird .

Please help me correct it or give me some ideas .
Every time when I see Jim Parsons or even hear his name , I ca n't help bursting into laugh .
Every time when I see Jim Parsons or even hear his name , I ca n't help but burst into laughter .
He is a very popular comedian and plays the role of Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory .
He is a very popular comedian and plays the role of Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory .
I like watching his show for two reasons .
I like watching his show for two reasons .
First , seeing his expressions on his face , his movements , is a real relax .
The first reason is seeing his funny facial expressions , his movements , it is a really relaxing .
Whatever the mood you are in , he can make you laugh .
Whatever the mood you are in he can make you laugh .
Just like Uncle McDonald that is just trying to make you happy .
Just like uncle McDonald who is just trying to make you happy .
Second , all his lines are well designed , not just something you forget after the show .
The second is that all his lines are well written , not just something you forget after the show .
He put his deep thoughts into a humorous way of expression , so you can always find something new and refresh in your remember of his magic smile on the stage .
He puts his deep thoughts into a humorous way of expression , so you can always find something new and refreshing , you remember his magic smile on the TV .
This is why Jim Parsons always makes me laugh .
This is why Jim Parsons always makes me laugh .

10 : 00 p . m .
I came back home now , I 'm tired today . . .
I just came back home now , I 'm tired today . . .
I had an English class from early morning , and then I had a part time job of Teaching Assistant .
I had an English class early in the morning , and then I had a part time job as a Teaching Assistant .
It was sunny in morning but suddenly rained when I have being TA ( it 's an outdoor class ) , we wet in rain . . .
It was a sunny morning but suddenly it began to rain when I was TA ( it 's an outdoor class ) , we got wet because of the rain . . .
After that , I did my research for master 's thesis until . . . . . .
After that , I did my research for my master 's thesis until . . . . . .
That 's all the things what I did today . . .
That 's all the things I did today . . .
Good night . . . .
Last Issue
Going to see the cherry blossoms .
Trip to see the cherry blossoms .
Last Weekend , My wife and I went to see the cherry blossoms in Moutain Namsan Which is famous for cherry blossoms in Seoul .
We made a gipbap lunch for a picnic .
We made a gipbap for a lunch picnic .
Gipbap is a Korean traditional picnic lunch which is made of rice , various vegetables and ham ( or grinded beef ) wrapped by dried laver .
Its appearance is very similar to California roll .
Anyway , since that morning , The weather was very dark and chilly .
Anyway , since morning , the weather was already very dark and chilly .
we wondered whether buds came into flower or not .
Then , we wondered whether buds will come into flower .
Unfortunately , There were in no blossoms in Namsan .
Unfortunately , it did not .
To make matters worse , it was chilly and dark , we had to come back home immediately .
To see full blooms of cherry blossoms in Seoul , we may wait until this weekend .
To see full blooms of cherry blossoms in Seoul , we may have to wait until this weekend .

I can do it . . .
Finally , I know that my English skills are worst level .
Finally , I know that the level of my English skills are the worst .
but I 'm happy because I got to know Lang - 8 and so many teachers ( = my new friends )
But I 'm happy because I got to know Lang - 8 and so many teachers ( = my new friends )
I will think English is fun not study . .
I will think of English as fun and not studying . .
somtimes I 'm so busy with work .
Sometimes I 'm so busy with work ,
but I will try to keep the practice
but I will try to keep practicing .
Thank you for all of you helping again . .
Thank you for all of your help again . .

My three - year - old daughter Tomo - chan often asks me to hug .
When we go to bed , she never fails to ask me to hug and take her to the bed room .
I noticed a rule that she seems to have about this hugging : when I 'm hugging her baby sister Haru - chan , she never asks me to .
I noticed a rule that she seems to have about hugging ; when I 'm hugging her baby sister , Haru - chan , she never asks me to hug .

Lang - 8 is very heavy today .
Lang - 8 is very busy today .
I 'm not sure whether they have some problems or not .
It seems not to write too much today .

I read a short paragraph about the Impressionists painters .
I reorganized it .
The following paragraph is my own writing .
Unlike previous painters , the Impressionists painters much put thier interest in representing colour and light on their work .
They began to use diverse colours to make one strong impression .
Also they prefered to draw other subjects such as landscapes , scenes of ordinary people 's life which previous painters did n't put much interest on them .
They tried to find the inpiration for thier work from their familiar surroundings .
They tried to find the inspiration for their work from their familiar surroundings .
But there were slight differences between artists ' preference .
For example , Cluade Monet was the most attracted painter by the change of light and colour .
For example , Cluade Monet was the painter most attracted by the change of light and colour .
He drew the same scenes differ in light .
He drew the same scenes in differing lighting .
His famous masterpieces were mostly landscape drawings .
But Renoir and Degas had slight different preference of choosing subjects .
But Renoir and Degas had a slightly different preference when choosing subjects .
They enjoyed to paint the people in the world .
They enjoyed painting the people of the world .
Renoir was well known for drawing portraits .
Especially , he drew his friends and families a lot .
He especially drew his friends and families a lot .
Degas is famous for ballet dancers ' paintings .
They tried to capture the movement at that time .
You can figure that out from their bushstrokes .
Now , I need to get some credit from TOEFL test .
Anyone who had done that test or preparing for that , give me some advices .
Please , I need you guys ' help

Preparing for a test
Long time no see . ~ ^ ^
It 's been ages since I wrote my daily entry , which makes me feel ashamed .
Now I , m studying for a test ( entrance ) AGAIN .
Last entrance exam was not so cool that . .
my ( or the ) Last entrance exam was not so cool
Anyway I 've always wanted to write something in English .
And planing on jotting down from time to time .
Help me do that , guys .
BYEBYE ~

My English reading skill
I took english exam on last sunday .
I took an English exam last Sunday .
Last time I took the exam was about one and half years ago .
Last time I took the exam was about one and a half years ago .
By taking same exam again , I realized my English reading skill went down . . .
By taking same exam again , I found out that my English reading skills have gone down . . .
It seems I lost sence of reading English .
It seems I lost the sense of reading English .
It is true that while I was in China studying Chinese ,
I had chance to speak English with my friends .
I had the chance to speak English with my friends .
But I never actually read any books or write sentence in English .
But I never actually read any books or wrote sentences in English .
so it is understandable why my English went down . . .
So it is understandable why my English went down . . .
In older to take back my English skills ,
In order to take back my English skills ,
I 'm going to read english book called `` Eat pray love ``
I 'm going to read the book called `` Eat pray love `` in English
thanks for your help : )
Thanks for your help : )

I like go see a movie .
I like to go see movies .
I watched a movie at movie theater at Roppongi Hills .
I watched a movie at a movie theater in Roppongi Hills .
It was the first time to
watched the movie this year .
go watch a movie this year
watch a movie this year .
I tend to too concentrate on lisning to English
I tend to too concentrate on listening to English
I tend to concentrate on listening to English
when I watch a movie .
I do n't know my English was improving after watching a movie but I hope I will be able to more listen to their English if I go see a movie .
I did n't know my English was improving after watching a movie , but I hope I will be able listen to more of their English if I go see a movie .
I do n't know if my English has improved after watching a movie but I hope I will be able to listen to more English if I go see a movie .
Did you watch a movie or did you go see a movie this year ?

World Cup !
2010 World cup will be held in South africa .
The 2010 World Cup will be held in South Africa .
And only two months are left .
and there are only two months left .
My favorite sport is soccer and I always wait for World cup .
My favorite sport is soccer and I 'm always excited about the World Cup .
My first World cup that I can remember is 1994 U .
A World cup .
At that time , Korea had a hardship to go up to next tournament ,
because our group included Spain , Germany and Bolivia that was one of the strongest team
As a result , Korea failed , but the play was so impressed on me .
2002 Korea & Japan World cup is a historical event for Korea .
The 2002 Korea & Japan World Cupwas a historical event for Korea .
Korea go to the semi - final , and ranked 4th all over the world .
The Korean teamgo to the semi - final , and was ranked 4th in the tournament .
Now , I anticipate that Korea has a great result , because we have
many good player , especially many are playing abroad .
So I will support Korea even if I ca n't sleep .
So I will support Korea even if I do n't get any sleep .

English school
English School
I went an English school in Shibuya .
I went to the English school in Shibuya .
It 's been two months since I 've been there .
It 's been two months since I started to go there .
I met my English teacher .
We met for the first time two months ago .
She had a cold .
The wether is cold recently .
The wether has been cold recently .
She 's sensitive to cold .
She has been teaching English 10 years ago .
She has been teaching English for10 years
She 's kind .
I wish I spoke English very well .
I wish I could speak English very well .

Wonka Chocolate
I like `` Charlie and the Chocolate Factory `` the movie .
I think Johnny Depp is a great actor , and the movie is incredibly fun .
I am used to go to a grocery store to buy foods and drinks .
I am used to going to a grocery store to buy food and drinks .
I found a red packed chocolate there .
I found a red package of chocolate there .
It was Wonka Chocolate .
I wondered whether I should buy or not .
I consequently made up my mind not to purchase it after a few minutes thinking .
So I am a poor man like Charlie .

My name is watako .
I 'm Japanese , in Japan .
I 'm leaning English .
I 'm learning English .
But I want to learn other languages .
For example , French , German , Finnish , and so on .

How to save on air tickets ?
Dit you ever thought how much you could save money if you have unique knowledge about the airlines which do not have other people ?
Did you ever think how much you could save if you have unique knowledge about the airlines which other people do not have ?
Now , airlines to ensure that as much as possible for us to make and it only depends on us whether we will use this service deliberately .
Quite by chance I came across on the Internet on humans , the airline employee who knows how to simply pay less . . .
Quite by chance , I came across on the Internet ( on humans ) , an airline employee who knows how to simply pay less . . .
It was a great surprise to me that such knowledge existed !
It was a great surprise to me that such knowledge existed !
I decided to check it out and bought his guides .
I decided to check it out and bought his guides .
I must tell you that I 'm still in shock , airlines are doing great business in the ordinary passengers , but not for me !
I must tell you that I 'm still in shock . Airlines are giving great discounts to the ordinary passengers , but not to me !
This guide is a real knowledge and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to save money on their flights .
This guide is a real cost saver and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to save money on their flights .

Hello , everyone .
I 've been busy for the last weeks , because of my disasterous work .
Anyway , I 'm here again !
Anyways , I 'm here again !
No more talking about work today .
I want to talk about my dream , it 's the reason I 'm working my xxx off .
I want to open a hostel + cafe .
It 's a place that welcomes people from around the world , and of couse local people as well .
It 's a place that welcomes people from around the world , and of couse , local people as well .
People who travel in Taiwan can enjoy their holidays , and enjoy some good time with local people , sharing their traveling experience or culturual differences .
People who travel in Taiwan can enjoy their holidays , and enjoy some good time with local people , sharing their traveling experience or cultural differences .
I will hire people that speak all kinds of languages , so when my guests need help , or when they are chatting with local people , they can get help anytime .
Well , that 's my dream .
I 'm working on it .
Even though I have an empty pocket now , I believe my dream will come true , soon enough : )

Tell me . . .
It 's a shame to become a victim , espacially when people do n't deem that you are hurt . . .
It 's a shame to become a victim , especially when people do n't deem that you are hurt . . .
I know it is our own responsibility to believe someone .
We ca n't blame them because of they betray our trust even we are hurt .
We ca n't blame them because if they betray our trust even we are hurt .
They have their own prejudice and desire .
But who can atone for those parts we lost ?
for those parts have been taken ?
for those parts that have been taken ?

Hi . Goog mourning everyone !
Hi . Good morning everyone !
Please send a messega to my skype !
Please send me a message on skype !
ID is ringringrang1 .
My ID is ringringrang1 .
Please teach me English !

I buy a new cell phone .
I bought a new cell phone .
My Nokia cell phone broken out yesterday finally .
My Nokia cell phone finally broke yesterday .
It has been used for almost four years .
I go to buy a new cell phone today .
I went to buy a new cell phone today .
There are so many cell phone in the phone store .
There are so many cell phones in the phone store .
I want buy the cell phone brands are Sony or Nokia .
I want buy a Sony or Nokia cell phone .
But I decided to buy the brand is [ UTEC ] B660 .
But I decided to buy the brand [ UTEC ] B660 .
Its Taiwan brand and its looks so elegance also have a big screen .
It 's a Taiwanese brand , and it looks so elegant and also has a big screen .
The most important , Its can take picture clearly .
The most important things is that it can take pictures clearly .
I have the meeting in the one junior high school today .
I had a meeting at school today .
A small beautiful church next to the school .
There was a small beautiful church next to the school .
I used my new cell phone to take picture .
How wonderful ! !

I 've finished a paper !
Today , I finished a paper on education and mailed it to the college .
I 've been studying through the distance education to get a teacher 's license .
This paper will be the last , unless it is returned to rewrote or I have some misunderstanding about the credits I need .
This paper will be the last , unless it is returned to be rewritten or if I have some misunderstanding about the credits I need .
I hope these wo n't happen .
I hope these things wo n't happen .
It is clear outside .
After the cold raining morning , it is clear and warm now .
After the cold rainy morning , it is clear and warm now .
The weather of this spring is quite strange .
We have only a winter day or an early summer day , but not a spring day .
We either have a winter day or an early summer day , but not a spring day .
When will I be able to send my coat and sweaters to the cleaner 's ?
Now , it 's time to pick up my son from nursery school .
Thanks for reading .

2011 . 10 . 01 My Diary
Nice to meet you .
It 's nice to meet you .
This is my first posting .
I try to write diary in English .
Today is my English school day .
I could n't speak English most of all .
Most of all , I ca n't speak English .
It is too bad .
It 's not very good .
I 'm very sad and frustrating .
I 'm very sad and frustrated .
Therefore , I started to write this diary .
I will write this diary at least four sentences every day .
I 'll write at least four sentences in this diary every day .
Please teach and help me .
Please help me .
Thank you .

Norwegian wood 2
I am writting about norweigan wood twice .
I am writing about Norweigan Wood for the second time .
Have you ever been to read this novel I have one question everyone .
Have you ever read this novel ? I have one question for everyone .
which is the most like calacter , For exmple watanabe , naoko , midori and reiko .
Which is the most likeable character , for example Watanabe , Naoko , Midori and Reiko ?
I am a big fun of the Haruki ` s becouse I ` d like to write this sentence .
I am a big fan of Haruki ` s because I ` d like to write like him .
If you are interested in haruki ` s please retern your comment !
If you are interested in Haruki ` s books please return your comment !

Hello everyone .
Can anyone help me I want to change one of the language I 'm learning .
Can anyone help me ? I want to change one of the language I 'm learning .
Can I actually change it ?
Where should I go ?
And if I am learning Japanese should I know how to read ?
Or there 's a translator here that translates every word ?
Or is there a translator here that translates every word ?
I can only read Japanese by using English alphabet .
I can only read Japanese by using the English alphabet .
Please correct me if my grammar is wrong .
SAVE EUGENE ! ! ! !
Please pay attention to Eugene Park 's unbelievably miserable situations .
Please pay attention to Eugene Park 's unbelievably miserable situation .
Once , he was one of the most promising violinist in the world .
Once , he was one of the most promising violinists in the world .
But now , he lost his pure motives and remarkable talent .
But now , he has lost his spirit and remarkable talent .
he even looks like a junkie .
He even looks like a junkie .
There is only one violin machine who can not play the violin passionately , happily anymore .
There is only one violin machine who can not play the violin passionately or happily anymore .
We do n't even know where he is .
His agency manager keeps lying about his condition .
Three of major Korean newpapers and some portal sites are trying to cover it up .
Three of the major Korean newpapers and some portal sites are trying to cover it up .
But we know the truth .
Many witnesses have already been testified about his weird behavior .
Many witnesses have already testified about his weird behavior .
We just wanna set him free from the extremely horrible situations .
He do n't have to be treated like that .
He does n't have to be treated like that .
So , please help him free .
So , please help free him .
Just your little attetion could save him !
Just a little attention could save him !

Not interrupt stream
Nowadays , I have enjoyed car racing video game ( GT5 / PS3 ) .
Nowadays , I enjoyplaying a car racing video game ( GT5 / PS3 ) .
I like AMG high speed driving lesson above all .
I like AMG high speed driving lessons the most .
At first , I could n't drive to my heart .
At first , I could n't drive with my heart .
Many crash had occurred .
But I tried again and again , I understood smooth car moving is very important .
Putting in other words , `` Not interrupt stream `` .
To put it in other words , `` Do n't break the flow `` .
I think this matter is not only important for video game but every thing , like sports and communications .

Flying to Hokkaido
As you know , the place is now rush of VIPs and government people from all over the world .
As you know , the place is now full of VIPs and government people from all over the world .
Today I am flying to Hokkaido to visit my client .
Hope Haneda Airport is not so much secured .

I am drinking a beer and Japanese Sake .
And I eating a Honey Roasted Peanuts .
Also , I 'm eating a Honey Roasted Peanuts .
I like it .
It was made in U .
It was made in U . S . A
And I am watching Lang - 8 on Safari .
This site is fun .

Nice to meet you
I join Lang - 8 today .
I joined Lang - 8 today .
This is the first time to write diary in English .
This is my first time writing a diary entry in English .
I studied English again .
I 'm studying English again .
I will need a lot of help .
Let 's be friends !
I hope I can find help and maybe some friends .
I hope I can find help and maybe some friends .
If you need any help in korean let me know .
If you need any help in Korean , let me know .
I can help you practice korean too .
I can help you practice Korean , too .
Nice to meet you !

Thank you letter
The Fusen Volleyball Promotive Association
Aobadainishi 3 - 14 - 2
Wakamatsu - ku
Kitakyushu - city
808 - 0143 JAPAN
March 14 , 201
Dear _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
We very much appreciate having the opportunity to meet you .
And we would like to thank you for taking the time to talk with us today .
We would like to express our appreciation for your cooperation for the promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball this time .
We would like to express our appreciation for your cooperation for promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball this time .
We appreciate your cooperation in the promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball in recent times .
Your assistance was incredibly helpful .
And also we would like to ask you to support us and cooperate in promoting Fusen Volleyball from now on too .
Additionally , we would like to ask you to please support us in the future .
Again , thank you very much from all of us .
Sincerely ,
Chairman of the Fusen Volleyball Promotive Association
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The list of gifts
We would like to present you things below to cooperate in promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball .
We would like to present you these things below for your cooperation in promoting Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball activities .
City of Kitakyushu
Names of items How many
Balloons for Fusen Volleyball
Bells for Fusen Volleyball
We certainly received things above .
We received the above things .

French student
Every summer , some Friench student stay in Shiki , where I live .
Every summer , a Friench student stays in Shiki , where I live .
Every summer , there are some French students that stay in Shiki , the town where I live .
Every summer , some French students stay in Shiki , the town where I live .
Last year my family was a host family and a student stayed for two weeks .
Last year my family was a host family for a student that stayed for two weeks .
We had really good time with him , so I wanted to invite this year , but my mother said no because she knew she would be busy this summer .
We had really good time with him , so I wanted to invite him back this year , but my mother said no because she knew she would be busy this summer .
We had a really good time with him , so I wanted to invite him again this year , but my mother said no because she knew she would be busy this summer .
I was sorry that we would n't stay with a student , so I wanted to help in some ways and I asked if I could help .
I was sorry that we would n't be hosting a student , so I wanted to help in some way and I asked if I could help .
I was upset that we would n't have an exchange student this year , and I wanted to help in some way , so I asked if I could help .
I expected some job , but she said the number of the students was smaller than usual so they do n't need help .
I expected some work , but she said the number of students was smaller than usual this year , so they did n't need help .
That was a pity for me because I had been eager to meet and talk with them .
That was a disappointment for me because I had been eager to meet and talk with the new students .

I love sushi .
I went to a conveyor - belt sushi restaurant alone .
I was single because other guests were not in the restaurant .
I was by myself because no other guests were in the restaurant .
Delicious sushi made me happy !

The second day
Today is the second day , I come here .
After I modfied my first
After I edited my first
diary , I was glad of getting friend 's help , who comes from another country .
diary , I was glad to get help from friends who come from other countries .
Thank you , friend !
Thank you , everyone !
May you happy everyday !

About earthquakes
Yesterday , there was a temblor in South Spain .
There were deaths , that 's sad .
There were deaths , which is sad .
Recently earthquakes has caused damages worldwide .
Recently earthquakes have caused damages worldwide .
Recently earthquakes have caused damage worldwide .
It all makes me think that the end of our age it 's near .
It all makes me think that the end of our age is / may be near .
Mexico is a country located in a seismic zone .
The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 ( 8 . 1 Richter ) , with about 10000 deads .
The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 ( 8 . 1 Richter ) , with about 10000 casualties .
The Government hid information because they did n't want that people realized the magnitude of the event .
The Government hid information because they did n't want people to realize the magnitude of the event .
The Government also did it because they were the culprits of a lot of deads caused by the bad planning of buildings .
The Government also did it because they were to blame for most of the deaths caused by the bad planning of buildings .
This year , I have lived three or four seisms - I ca n't rememeber how many , my head is full .
This year , I have witnessed three or four tremors - I ca n't rememeber how many , my head is full .
This year , I have experienced / lived through three or four tremors - I ca n't remember how many . My memory is fuzzy .
They were of high magnitude , between 5 . 5 and 7 in Richter Scale .
They were of high magnitude , between 5 . 5 and 7 in the Richter Scale .
They were of high magnitude , between 5 . 5 and 7 on the Richter Scale .
I am worried , probably there will be a great earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city ( Mexico City ) .
I am worried that there will probably be a big earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city ( Mexico City ) .
The city is built over a lake system , buildings wo n't resist .
The city is built over a lake system , so the buildings wo n't be able to withstand the pressure .

Until when do people restart their life ?
Up until what age do people restart their lives ?
I saw a question in a Japanese website .
I saw a question on a Japanese website .
I saw a question on a Japanese website .
`` Until when do people restart their life ? ``
`` Up until what age do people restart their lives ? ``
For instance , when you realized your occupation was not suitable for you , what would you do ?
For instance , if you realized your occupation was not suitable for you , what would you do ?
For instance , if you realize your occupation is not suitable for you , what would you do ?
If you are young , probably it 's not so difficult to go back to school and try to become whatever you want .
If you are young , it 's probably not so difficult to go back to school and try to become whatever you want .
If you are young , it 's probably not so difficult to go back to school , and try to become something else .
But for old people , it is not so easy .
I found many answers that told it was about 30 years old .
I found many answers that reckoned it was around the age 30 .
I found many answers that reckoned it was around the age of 30 .
I 'm so sad to see this answer .
I was so sad to see this answer .
30 is still kind fo very young .
30 is still kind of young .
30 is still kind of young .
I guess it may vary depending on the country they live .
I guess it may vary depending on the country the respondent lived in .
I guess the answer may depend on the country in which the respondent lives .
What do you think , old man can restart their life with full of hope ?
What do you think , can an old man restart their life filled with hope ?
What do you think , can an old man restart his life filled with hope ?
What do you think ? Could an old man can restart his life , full of hope ?
If so , how old is a limit ?
If so , what age is the limit ?

Applying for driver 's license test
Finally I got a driver 's license here in California .
It 's my first photo identification card in US .
I 'm pretty excited about it .
Since I already have a driver 's license in Japan , I felt applying for driver 's license here is not so difficult .
Since I already have a driver 's license in Japan , I felt applying for driver 's license here should n't be so difficult .
Even so , regardless of driver 's license status in overseas , everyone needs to take a paper test and behind - the - wheel test again , so I took a test at DMV .
Even so , regardless of driver 's license status overseas , everyone needs to take a paper test and a behind - the - wheel test again , so I took a test at the DMV .
At first , I went to a nearest DMV , but they turned down my application to driver 's license test since my visa status was still in an applying for extension phase .
At first , I went to the nearest DMV , but they turned down my application for driver 's license test , since my visa status was still in an extension phase .
Apart from that , since I heard some bad rumor related to the nearest DMV , I went to a second close one from my apartment .
Apart from that , since I also heard some bad rumors related to that DMV , I went tothe second nearest one from my apartment .
In the second close one , they accepted my application .
In the second one , they accepted my application .
I thought I should have been there at the first place .
I thought , maybe I should have come here in the first place .
Because some rules are different from Japan such as it 's legal to turn right on a red light here , so I studied and prepared well for both of tests .
Because some rules are different from Japan , such as , it 's legal to turn right on a red light here , so I studied and prepared well for both of tests .
The papar test was just a kind of memorization , so I took the test without feeling nervous .
However the behind - the - wheel test is different because I need to express my carefulness of driving rather in overreact way due to existence of examiner .
Also , an area of the DMV is not usual place for me .
In fact , the test course itself was simple and had no problem .
Even so , the examiner was pretty unfriendly guy , so I was bit nervous .
He was strong bald guy with sunglasses and never changed his face expression and nor smiled .
He was strong bald guy with sunglasses and never changed his facial expression or smiled .
He reminds me Terminator - I hoped he say `` No problem `` .
He reminded me of the Terminator - I hoped he would have said `` No problem `` .
I guess it was just before lunch time so he was bit hungry . : ) You know , hungry makes angry man .
hapyy ^ ^
This morning , there is good weather !
That 's good .
Today I 'm going to ride a horse , that 's cool !
I love horses

design show
Yesterday , I with my friends go to design show , there are many people , because the show to display only once in every year .
When I to go in show , I am very surprised , many products are special , I ca n't believe them can do it , I think them will spend much time and cost much money , very hard .
When I was there , I was very surprised at many special products . I ca n't believe they can make it . I think they spent much time and money to make these hard work .
I am a designer too , for the time beign , I ca n't do those products , but , I will to strive , I believe I can do it in future .
I am a designer , too . At the beginning , I ca n't do those products . But I will make more effort , I believe I can do it in the future .

I was exhausted .
I got totally tired today , because I began working in the office after a 9 - days - hoidays .
I was very tired today , because I began working in the office after a 9 - day holiday .
I 'm tired out today , because I began working in the office again after a 9 - day - holiday .
Whole the period of holidays , I sat up too late and got up too late .
For the whole holiday , I sat up too late and got up too late .
For the whole holiday , I sat up too late and got up too late .
So I must adjust my time zone .
So I must readjust to my old schedule .
By the way , in Japan , old people like to work without any specific reasons .
By the way , in Japan , old people like to work without any specific reason .
They simply think it is natural for a human being to work .
But I do n't think so .
I 'm a little lazy and do n't want to work too much .
If I had enough money to live , I would n't work .
What do you think of this in your country ?

It 's rainy today
I 'm in my office .
it 's rainy today .
It 's rainy today .
I ate a instant noodle because I did n't want to go outside to buy lunch .
I ate instant noodles because I did n't want to go out to buy lunch .
There are vending machines in my office .
I can buy some foods by these .
I can buy some food from them .
I know it 's not healthy .
But it 's convenient especially in rainy day .
But it 's convenient especially during rainy days .

Recently , I 've been repairing the roof of my house .
My house was built about 50 years ago , and the roof is made of iron plate .
So it become rusty , furthermore it 's leaking water .
So it became rusty . Furthermore it 's leaking water .
Today I scratched the paint and peeled it off .
And I robbed off the rust by sand paper .
And I rubbed off the rust with sand paper .

I and four Spanish girl went to Hyde park to picnic .
I and four Spanish girls went to Hyde park for a picnic .
One Spanish girl is leaving at London next week so I made Sushi for her .
One Spanish girl is leaving for London next week so I made Sushi for her .
She said she likes my Sushi .
She said she liked my Sushi .
We had some stuff and drink too much and smoke .
We had some stuffs , drank too much and smoke .
We enjoyed Today .
We enjoyed today .
We enjoyed the picnic today .

Music - 1
I love listening to music .
I am not sure what 's kind of music genre I like most .
My listen range is wild ( or prevailing ? ) from pop rap rock to Jazz and classic .
My listening range is wildfrom pop , rap , rock , to Jazz and classic .
Thanks for the internet .
Thanks to the internet .
Due to the abundant kinds , I will introduce them in the
Due to the abundant kinds , I will introduce them in the
following days .
First of all , we talk about Taiwan 's pop music
First of all , we will talk about Taiwan 's pop music
Here I list the famous singers in Taiwan for you
Here I will list the famous singers in Taiwan for you
First one Jay chou I will say Jay is the pop king in Asia now .
First one is Jay chou , I will say Jay is the pop king in Asia now .
He who have n't brilliant star outlooking ( pure personal idea ) get amasing composing talent .
He almost compose each song by himself in his albums and write music for bunch of Asia singers .
He almost composes each song by himself in his albums and writes music for a bunch of Asia 's singers .
His music always have good praise and great selling records .
His music always gets good praise and great selling records .
Second one Jolin Most of her music style is close to the fast dance music .
the second one is Jolin , Most of her music style is close to the fast dance music .
That one makes people joy and good spirit genre .
That one brings people joy and good spirit genre .
What is the best , almost her published albums will creat a new dance stlye and lead to the fashion among the young people .
What is the best , almost her published albums will create a new dance style and lead to the fashion among the young people .
( Jolin is ( or was ) Jays ex . )
I will introdue the rest artists next time .
I will introduce the rest of the artists next time .
( lyrics are profound for foreiger friend but melody is fantastic )

The Ataris
Do you know the band called The Ataris ?
I did n't know this band about 1 month ago .
I did n't know about this band until about 1 month ago .
My girlfriend recommended me to listen this band songs , then I came to be into this .
My girlfriend recommended that I listen this band 's songs , and then I came to be into them .
Their sound , voice and lyric are so good .
Their sound , voices and lyrics are so good .
I listen their songs everyday .
Also when I sleep .
My favorite album is `` So Long , Astoria ``
Here are two songs in this album .
Here are two songs from that album .

Golden week
Golden Week
This week has been celebrated the golden week here in japan .
The students and others as well were very happy because they have free long time of playing and going around where ever place they wanted to go .
Students , and others as well , are very happy because they have a lot of free time for play and going around to the places they wanted to go .
But if many was happy there are too which is not and that was me .
Even though many were happy there are also those who were not , and that was me .
In my fields of work do n't have the same priveledge like this .
My field of work does n't have these privileges .

teacher 's day
teachers ' day
Teacher 's Day
korea has many special days in May .
Korea has many special days in May .
Today is teacher 's day .
Today is teachers ' day .
Today is Teacher 's Day .
it lands on May 15 .
it falls on May 15th .
It falls on May 15 .
students nomally buy conations and gifts and
students nomally buy [ CROSS OUT ] conations [ / CROSS OUTcarnations and gifts and
Students normally buy carnations and gifts and
visit teacher .
visit their teachers .
visit their teachers .
I also visited math professor and philosophy professor .
I also visited my math professor and philosophy professor .
I visited my math professor and philosophy professor .
all they welcomed me ,
They both welcomed me ,
They both welcomed me ,

introduce
Please listen to my introduce ! !
Please listen to my introduction ! !
My name is yuki .
My name is Yuki .
I 'm nineteen years old .
I 'm nineteen years old . ( 19 )
I 'm second year college student .
I 'm a second year college student .
I like sports and movies .
I belonged to the soft tennis club for six years .
I have been a member of soft tennis club for six years .
Of course , I like soft tennis all of sports .
Of course , I like soft tennis the most .
You can also say `` Of course , I like soft tennis the most of all sports . ``
Not only that , I like vollyball , basketball and so on .
But , I like vollyball , basketball and so on .
You can also say `` I also like vollyball , basketball and so on . ``
But , I do n't like running .
I often go to see Japanese movies .
I often see Japanese movies .
I do n't see foreign movies at all .
I do n't watch foreign movies at all .
Please tell me something interesting movies .
My dream is working travel company .
My dream is to work in travel company .
First of all , I want to study about Japanese tourist attraction .
First of all , I want to study about Japanese tourist attractions .
Thank you for listening .
Thank you for reading .

I caught a cold
I didn ` t feel well from yesterday .
I have n't felt well since yesterday .
So , I was in bed all day .
So I stayed in bed all day .
Maybe I ` ve caught a cold .
I think I 've caught a cold .
I was very busy days recently .
I have been very busy lately .
I had a Korean ` s friend .
I have a Korean friend .
He speake Japanese very well .
He speaks Japanese very well .
I though that Korean ` s man is very cute ^ ^
I think he is very cute ^ ^
But , he is younger than me . . .
But he is younger than me . . .
And , I though .
And I thought Korean men did n't chat .
Korean man don ` t chat .
I was interested by Korean .
I am interested in Korean .
Oh , I have a runny nose . . .
Oh , I have a runny nose . . .
I have to go to bed .

Fried vegetables
I cooked fried vegetables with chicken today .
I cooked stir - fried vegetables with chicken today .
I fried chicken and season it with sweet sake .
I grilled the / some chicken and seasoned it with sweet sake .
And then , I fried vegetable together .
Then , I stir - fried it with some vegetables .
It was so delicious .
It was very happy when I can cook well .
I am very happy when I can cook well .

Let me introduse myself . .
Let me introduce myself . .
Hello ? my name is Masha / I am 18 years old .
Hello . my name is Masha I am 18 years old .
I have just finished school and I am fond of english .
I have been learning it for 14 years . . . .

Busy days . . . .
These days I am so busy . . . . .
Because I have to finish sevral reports and midterm repot for thesis .
I 'm busy because I have to finish several reports and a midterm report for my thesis .
I have to finish several reports and midterm reports for thesis .
Because I have to finish several reports and a midterm report for my thesis .
In addition I have exam . . . .
Plus , I have exams . . .
In addition I have exams . . . .
Almost I am dying . . . . .
I 'm practically dying . . .
I am almost dying . . . . .
After these busy day , I have two months Spring Vacation ! !
But after these busy days are over , I have two months of Spring vacation ! !
After these busy days , I have two months of Spring Vacation ! !
I ca n't wait .
I will work at school , but most time I am free .
I will work at school , but most of the time I will be free .
I will work at school , but most of the time I am free .
I am planing to travel , shopping , read a book what ever I want and watch films and see my friends .
I am planning to travel , shop , read whatever book I want , watch movies , and see my friends .
I am planing on traveling , going shopping , reading books whenever I want , watching films and seeing my friends .

By accident I was born as a Japanese woman . . .
By chance I was born as a Japanese woman . . .
This world is getting more and more borderless . . .
people can go abroad or communicate on the internet easily than ever .
people can go abroad or communicate on the internet more easily than ever .
However , as everyone knows , there still are so many people who are in poor lives . . .
However , as everyone knows , there still are so many people who are in extreme poverty . . .
in other words only small part of people can own personal computer and communicate with people all over the world .
In other words , only a small percentage of people can own personal computers and communicate with people all over the world .
And actually , this fact is somewhat quiet strange for me . . .
And actually , this fact is quite strange for me . . .
the difference between rich and poor is mostly based just on in which country they were born !
The difference between rich and poor is based mostly just on which country they were born in !
I was born as a Japanese but if , I had been born in a poor nation , my life would have changed completely .
I was born as a Japanese , but if I had been born in a poor nation , my life would have changed completely .
This idea always confuses me . . . haha .
But I know there is no `` if `` in human life , we ca n't nothing but live our own lives . . .
But I know there is no `` if `` in human life , we ca n't do anything but live our own lives . . .
as someone said `` dont think too much about things that cant be changed . ``
As someone said , `` Do n't think too much about things that ca n't be changed . ``

Star Trek
Captain 's on the bridge .
Oh I just ca n't help to fall in love with this fantastic world .
Oh I just ca n't help but fall in love with this fantastic world .
I living in a small island country and it seems not so many people share my enthusiasm about star trek stuff .
I live on a small island country and it seems not too many people share my enthusiasm about star trek stuff .
The lasted star trek movie is about captain Kirk and Spock .
The latest Star Trek movie is about captain Kirk and Spock .
I am so excitied about it but my friends are not interested .
There for I go and see the movie by myself .
But it 's tatolly worthy . . . . .
But it 's totally worth it . . . . .
I love Spock !

Cold weather .
The place I lived is a warm city .
The city I live in has a warm climate .
But these days the climate is getting cold rapidly .
But these days the weather is getting cold rapidly .
Many people prefer warm than cold and I consider myself the most resolute one among them .
Many people prefer being warm rather than cold and I consider myself the most resolute one among them .
In this cold days , I just want to stay at home : home and dry , was there anything better than that ?
In these cold days , I just want to stay at home : home and dry , is there anything better than that ?
Unfortunately , I got cold last night .
Unfortunately , I caught a cold last night .
Headache , nose cloged and chogh , I hate them ! ! ! !
Headache , nose clogged and cough , I hate them ! ! ! !
I must go sleep now and I hope the medicine will take effect soon .
Maybe I will be healed after a sweety dream .
Maybe I will be healed after a sweaty dream . ( recover )
air sampai
Today , I went swimming and ate an ice cream after work .
Today , I went swimming and ate ice cream after work .
Today , I went swimming and ate / had an ice cream after work .
I swam too hard so I was exhausted .
I swam too hard / too much so I was exhausted .
By the way , I found a unique website .
It 's quite fun .
It 's quite funny .
Check it out * )
Menko ' Harm of Building ' ( 1930 's )
This menko card ' Harm of Building ' is assumed printed in 1930 's .
This menko card ' Harm of Building ' is assumed to have been printed in the 1930 's .
I can distinguish printed era by qualitiy of paper , printing and themes .
I can distinguish the printed era by the quality of the paper , printing and themes .
First , it 's very difficut to find menko card printed in multi - color in 1920 's or earlier .
First , it 's very difficut to find menko cards printed in multi - color in the 1920 's or earlier .
Second , this could n't be in early 1940 's because theme nothing to do with militalies could n't be allowed during WWII .
Second , this could n't be in early 1940 's because themes that have nothing to do with the military could n't be allowed during WWII .
This could n't be in later 1940 's because quality of paper and printing of this menko card is too good for that era .
This could n't be in the later 1940 's because the quality of the paper and printing of this menko card is too good for that era .
Japan was a poor , occupied nation .
Third , the possibiilties printed in 1950 's or later ?
Third , are there possibilities that it was printed in the 1950 's or later ?
Absolutely not .
Buildings were not a icon at that time .
Buildings were not an icon at that time .
Boy loves something special in all the time .
Boys love something special in all of the times .
So , I conluded this menko ' Harm of Building ' was printed in 1930 's .
So , I conluded this menko ' Harm of Building ' was printed in the 1930 's .
In these days , kid 's ca n't have these kind of ' dystopia ' toys .
In these days , kids ca n't have these kind of ' dystopia ' toys .
That 's the reason I love menko !
That 's the reason why I love menko !

Last Sunday I went to downtown - Kwanghwamoon - with my boyfriend .
It was rainy day .
It was a rainy day .
We put up together an umbrella .
We shared an umbrella .
We had a launch in famous restaurant .
We had launch at a famous restaurant .
This restaurant is famed `` handmade knife - cut noodles `` which contained a short - necked clam and variety vagetables .
This restaurant is famous for `` handmade knife - cut noodles `` which contain short - necked clams and a variety of vegetables .
The soup tastes soooooooooo GOOD !
Then , we went to the museum - the seoul museum of history .
It was exibited a lot of relic and imformation about seoul of history .
It exhibited a lot of relics and information about seoul history .
I recommend this museum ! !
About the time when evening , we went to the ' Shinchon ' .
Around evening time , we went to the ' Shinchon ' .
' Shinchon ' is called as `` street of youth `` .
' Shinchon ' is known as the `` street of youth `` .
There are many `` youth `` people .
There are many youthful people .
We was one of them .
We were one of them .
We had a dinner .
We had dinner .
We ate a food made from flour .
We ate food made from flour .
I like this food - kimbab , instant noodle , a broiled dish of sliced rice cake .
( I upload this food picture )
We were full so took a walk .
After we were full we took a walk .
I was so happy .

Los Angeles on business
I am being in Los Angeles .
I am in Los Angeles .
Now , it is 7 : 37 am .
Now , it is 7 : 37 am .
Good morning !
Good morning everybody !
everybod .
Now There is many car on the freeway of Los Angeles .
Now , there are many cars on the freeway of Los Angeles .
Is it a commuter rush ?
I will go to Sun Francisco today .
I will go to San Francisco today .

The athletic meet in the kindergarten of my son
The athletic meeting at my son 's kidergarten is going to be hold next week .
The athletic meeting at my son 's kidergarten is going to be held next week .
He was n't took part in the event for the influenza disease last year .
He did n't take part in the event because of the influenza disease last year .
I hope he participate in the event this year .

boxing ! !
Today I meet a foreign guest , he always go shopping at morning !
Today , I met a foreign guest , he always go to shopping at morning !
SO I very inquisitive to ask he , Are you a student ?
So I very inquisitive to ask to him , are you a student ?
He says he no n't .
He said he is n't .
He comes here for Learning boxing .
He came here for Learning boxing .
that 's so cool ! ! boxing ! !
That 's so cool ! ! boxing ! !

Today is not bad , but just a little not good .
I do n't like talking with some people .
It not means I do n't like them , just I am not interested with the contents they talk about .
It does not means I dislike them , I 'm just not interested in the contents they talk about .
Hence , I feel bored , when I hand out with them .
Hence , I feel bored , when I hang out with them .
I enjoy the time when I was joining the English conversation club .
I enjoyed the time when I was in the English conversation club .
It 's really interesting ! !
It not only improves my speaking , but also absorbs some culture about the united states .
It not only improves my speaking , but also helps me absorbs some culture about the United States .
I hope it may hold everyday !
This weekend I have lots of homework to do , just like one composition , one presentation , , etc .
All of them are greatly spending time .
All of them require a great deal of time .
I also have to prepare them very carefully , because they have heavy scores ! !
Therefore , I have to do my best om my homework .
God bless me ! ! ! ! : )

Long time no see
Long time no see .
I did n't post any jounal last semester .
I did n't post any journal last semester .
Now , I 'm back .
My summer holiday will end at next Monday , so I need to go back to school .
My summer holiday will end next Monday , so I need to go back to school .

( I was very disappointed that my last diary has no comment .
( I was very disappointed that my last diary had no comments .
But I have decided to write the diary in this website .
Therefore for the time being , I would like to keep my practice to english diary )
Therefore for the time being , I would like to keep my practice to an english diary . )
Today , I would like to talk about my angry to my manager in work place .
Today , I would like to talk about my anger to my manager in work place .
I work for export and import company and I have been working in this office for 3 years .
I work for an export and import company , and I have been working in an office for 3 years .
And he has been working here around 13years .
And he has been working there around 13years .
Our company used to have members of 9 people but now we consist of only 3 members .
Our company used to have members of 9 people , but now we consist of only 3 members
( our boss , manager and me . )
I am getting notice my manager 's stupidity and he give me a realizing that I ca n't be a such a stupid person when I am a senior in the future .
I was noticing my manager 's stupidity and he gives me a lecture and says that I ca n't be such a stupid person when I am a senior in the future .
And I think , We could n't seen his ability before due to it has been covered up to other people .
And I thought we could n't see his ability before due since it had been covered up to other people .
His ability of work opened how he work from now on .
He likes to shift someone his work responsibility .
He likes to shift his work responsibility to someone else .
He ca n't decide anything and he always need to make the way of his escape from any situation .
He ca n't decide anything and he always needs to make the way of his escape from any situation .
He always pretend that I know the everything .
He always pretends that I know everything .
He used to speak the negative position even when we talking about jokes .
He used to speak negatively even when we were talking about jokes .
I am not great but his attatude is disgustting to work and I just need to talk the place to ease the stress .
I am not great but his attitude is disgustting to work with . I just need to talk to ease the stress .
Someone told that it will helps to have good english speaking skills when you fight someone .
Someone told me that it will help to have good english speaking skills when you fight someone .
Congratulations on your graduation !
Congratulations on Your Graduation !
I woke to the sound of torrential rain this morning .
It was my daughter 's high school graduation day .
I changed my clothes to attend a ceremony .
I changed my clothes to attend the ( more specific ) ceremony .
I changed my clothes to attend the ceremony .
On my way to school , the rain changed into driving snow .
On my way to school , the rain changed into driving snow .
It was unlikely that spring would soon be here .
All graduates entered high school assembly hall and they sat down their seats .
All graduates entered the high school assembly hall and they sat down in their seats .
All graduates entered the high school assembly hall and they sat down in their seats .
And then , it started .
The most impressive thing was that girl 's graduate 's message to all students .
The most impressive thing was that girl 's graduate 's message to all students .
The most impressive thing was that girl 's graduation message to all students .
Her eyes were wet with tears .
Graduate 's parents were listening her story with tears in their eyes .
The graduate 's parents were listening to her story with tears in their eyes .
She said she had belonged to volleyball club .
She said she had belonged to a volleyball club .
She said she had belonged to a volleyball club .
After her superiors had graduated from high school , she had only four members left .
She and others had not taken part of in volleyball games for six months .
She had often thought about quiting her club .
But she had shared her pain and agony with their friends and they had encouraged each other to continue their club activity until newcomers joined in .
Finally , they could take part in the volleyball game and they had experienced victories and defeats .
Finally , they could take part in the volleyball games and they experienced victories and defeats .
She had overcome it 's difficulty and made her dream come true .
I believe it 's experience was great treasure and she 'll never forget her wonderful memory for rest of her life .
I believe it 's experience was a great treasure and she 'll never forget her wonderful memory for the rest of her life .
I believe her experience was a great treasure and she 'll never forget her wonderful memory for rest of her life .
My daughter also got great treasures and memories .
My daughter also had great treasures and memories .
Congratulations to all graduates !
It was hard for you to say good - bye to your friends .
Something wonderful waits for you !

start the Lang - 8
Start Lang - 8
nice to meet you !
Nice to meet you !
I going language school in U , S , A .
I 'm going to study in a language school in U , S , A .
I 'm going to a language school in U , S , A .
but I can ` t speak English very well .
please teach me !
Please teach me !

Dear teacher
I would like to pick him up at 13 : 30 tomorrow .
Because he need to see a doctor to inject the vaccines .
thank you .
sincearely
I wrote this letter first .
Please correct .

The visa of India
An India visa
Today I applied to the consulate for a visa of India .
Today I applied to the consulate for a visa for India .
GW ( Japanese big holiday ) I am going to India ^ ^

In Changchun
I have been in Changchun serveral days .
I have been in Changchun for several days .
Changchun is cooler than Hangzhou .
I participant a summer school here .
Erveryday , I take lessons and learn a lot .

My dad and snakes
I saw an brown adult sanke died beside a big banana field .
I saw a brown adult snake which had died beside a big banana field .
Dad told me it had no poison because its head was n't triangle .
Dad told me it was not poisonous because its head was n't triangle - shaped .
That reminded me when I was a kid . . . . .
That reminded me when of when I was a kid . . .
It has been a long time since I saw snake at the first time .
It has been a long time since I first saw a snake .
I still remember when I was a elementary student , I saw a died Umbrella snake [ Bungarus multicinctus , ( Blyth ) ] .
I still remember when I was a elementary student , I saw a dead Umbrella snake [ Bungarus multicinctus , ( Blyth ) ] .
That 's my first time so close to a poisonous snake , althought it already died .
That 's the first time I was so close to a poisonous snake , although it had already died .
My dad also told me lots of his experiences about snakes .
My dad also told me lots of his experiences with snakes .
When he was a kid , he regularly to catch snakes .
When he was a kid , he used to catch snakes regularly .
If the snake is poisonous , he hit until it is died and play with it for fun .
If the snake was poisonous , he would hit until it was dead and play with it for fun .
Or he might catch a sanke without poison , killed and ate it .
Or he might catch a non - poisonous snake , kill it and eat it .
He said he caught a non - poisonous snake to school , the snake is really big , and he was caught by his teacher , and the result was he was hit severely by his teacher .
He said he brought a non - poisonous snake to school , the snake is really big . He was caught by his teacher , which resulted in him being severely beaten by his teacher .
I asked him why he did that ?
I asked him why he did that ,
He said , he was a kid of never afraid , did everything for fun .
and he said , when he was a kid he was never afraid , and did everything for fun .
But , he was a man now , and he would never do these things again .
But , he is a man now , and he would never do those things again .
When my dad studied in kindheartedness & affection elementary school , in that time , the enviroment was great without pollution , so there were lots of wild creatures such as frogs , snakes , fishes , many kinds of beautiful dragon - tail butterflies , etc .
I do n't know why that I want to sigh .
I guess that 's because I learned one thing from this experience .
I guess that 's because I learned one thing from this experience :
When people grow up , they will gradually forget their instincts or afraid of trying new things .
When people grow up , they gradually forget their instincts , or they become afraid of trying new things .

rainy season .
Rainy Season .
In Japan , rainy season finished yesterday .
Rainy season has finished yesterday in Japan .
The rainy season ended yesterday in Japan .
I often use moter cycle , and rain prevent me to drive .
I often used moter cycle , but therain has prevent me to ride .
So I do n't like rain ^ ^ ;
I am a high school student .
So I have to study English .
My English skill is poor , so please whoever contact me , if you can help my English . ( ^ _ ^ ) /
My English skills are poor , so whoever contacts me if you could please help me with my English , that 'd be great ! ( ^ _ ^ ) /

One of my favorite animes is `` Detroit metal city ``
One of my favorite animes is `` Detroit Metal City ``
Detroit metal city ( DMC ) is story about musician , Negishi .
Detroit Metal City ( DMC ) is story about a musician , Negishi .
He really want to do a kind of sweet pop music .
But after all , he 's singing in death metal band , Detroit metal city .
But after all , he 's singing in death metal band , Detroit Metal City .
He always make a complain about his band , and he is always trying to quit the band .
He always complains about his band and he is always trying to quit it , but he is the perfect death metal singer on stage .
But he is perfect death metal singer in stage .
And , DMC has wild fans .
DMC also has wild fans .
On the other hand , he 's playing his sweet pop music in street , but it is n't popular at all .
He is a kind of double faced person .
Usually he is really kind and naive guy , but when he is in DMC , he is an evil .
Usually he is a really kind and naive guy , but when he is in DMC , he is evil .
This gap make this anime funny .
This gap makes this anime funny .
I highly recommend it to you !

Friday night
Now It 's friday night in Japan !
It 's Friday night now in Japan !
I wanted to go out for drink somewhere , but I am at house .
I wanted to go out for drink somewhere , but I am still in my house .
I 'm boring !
I will watch DVD `` 2012 `` from now .
I will watch `` 2012 `` on DVD for now .
I 'm already sleepy .
But I do n't want to go to bed yet .
Because it is friday night !

Nice to meet you
The diary is written for the first time .
This diary is being written for the first time .
My best regards .
I think that I become accustomed to English on this site because it is not good at English .
I think that I will become accustomed to English on this site because it is not good at English either .
It works hard that the translation machine is not used as much as possible .
I will work hard so that the translation machine is not used as much as possible .

Please help me ~ ! ! !
Is it correct ?
I 'm Korean
Please check that sentence are correct .
Please check if these sentences are correct .
as quickly as possible
the bc in the life of the world
the bc life in the world
find your life in the world
world together bc
* bc is card name

I made Indonesian friend !
I made Indonesia friend whose name is Yeni !
I 'm glad to meet her .
She is lower height .
She is a little short .
So she is called her friends ' baby ~ ! '
So her friends call her ' baby ~ ! '
And she has big eyes , dark color hair and skinny body .
She has big eyes , dark color hair and a skinny body .
I have waited her in front of her class .
I waited for her outside of her class so
So , we could met after finishing her class .
we could met after her class was over .
And we talked about each other with sitting on bench near by there .
We talked to each other while sitting on a bench near her class .
Soon , we went her dormitoty .
After a little while , we went to her dormitory .
I could make more friends because there are many her friends .
I could make more friends because many of her friends were there also .
And she and I arrived at her room and studied Korean .
After we got to her room I helped her study Korean .
I did my best to teach her Korean .
But It is hard time to explain her questions because I ca n't speak English very well .
But it is hard to explain her questions because I ca n't speak English very well .
Besides her question is so difficult to explain in English .
Besides her question were so difficult to explain in English .
And we went basement .
Then , we went to the basement .
Surprisingly , there were a billiard table , computers , sofas , TV and health training machines .
Surprisingly , there was a billiard table , some computers , sofas , a TV and some exercise machines .
So she and I played a game for 1 hour .
The more we spend time , the more we close each other .
The more time we spent together , the closer we became .
We had a plan to go to Han - River next tueseday .
We made a plan to go to Han - River next Tueseday .

Snow and cherry blossom
Snow and cherry blossoms
We had a little snow in this early morning .
We had a little snow early this morning .
The white snow covered the ground and the track in front of our house .
There were a little cherry blossoms yet .
There were a few cherry blossoms still on the trees .
My husband wanted to take some pictures for snow and cherry blossom together .
My husband wanted to take some pictures of the snow and cherry blossoms together .
Those pictures might have been very beautiful .
Those pictures would have been very beautiful .
But the yahoo internet service prevented him from his hope realising .
But the Yahoo internet service prevented him from realizing this goal .
That service did n't work when he used his PC .
The service was n't working when he went to use his PC .
So , he had to restore it immediately .
So , he had to restore it immediately .
The snow melted soon .
Unfortunately , the snow melted before he finished .

I like listening to music .
I like listening to music .
I like foreign pop music and classical music .
I listen to music on my way to work .
I listen to music on an iPod .
My favorite singer is Madonna .
My favorite song is `` Hung Up . ``
It 's a song by Madonna .
The song has a nice melody .
When I listen to the music I like I feel energized .
In the morining when you wake up : `` Hung Up ``
In the evening when you want to relax : `` Moonlight `` by Beethoven
When you are in love : `` Sakura `` by Ketsumeishi
When you are feeling down : `` COLORS `` by Utada Hikaru
I rent 1 or 2 CDs a month .
I go to a concert once a year .
I seldom buy single CDs of Japanese pop music .
I seldom buy Japanese pop music CDs .
Music relaxes me .
Music is a universal language .
Twitter > URL
Blog > URL

The Autumn tommorow . . .
The Autumn Tomorrow . . .
I like the autumn .
I like the autumn season .
I like autumn ,
But summer like more . . .
But I like summer more . . .
I want 90 more days of sun . . .
I want 90 more days of the sun . . .

Self Introduction
Everyone .
Let me introduce myself in English today .
I am Roki .
I was a collge student and I study signal processing .
I 'd love to play piano and trumpet , but I have no time to play them recently .
I 'd love to play piano and trumpet , but I 've had no time to play them recently .
I wanna improve my English skill .
I want to improve my English .
Becasue I wanna commuticate with a lot of foreigners .
Becasue I want to communicate with a lot of foreigners .
Communication among the different culture or different country is interesting .
Communication among the different cultures and countries is interesting .
So , we can get much ideas , imformation , knowledge , and so on .
So , we can get more ideas , information , knowledge , and so on .
From now on , I hope I will grow with you .
From now on , I hope I will improve with you .
Thanks .

The black September
I watched `` Munich `` yesterday .
I 'm not history buff , so I did n't know about the black September or those terrorisms .
I 'm not a history buff , so I did n't know about the black September or those terrorisms .
In addition , I have no idea about Jews or such kind of racism neither .
In addition , I have no idea about Jews or such kind of racism either .
I wish I would have had those knowledge more , and it made me be interested in those issues .
I wish I would have had more knowledge , and it made me be interested in those issues .
I know they are so controversial and delicate .
But I do n't have any bias against Jews or Arabs .
In middle east and east Europe , these ethnic problem are still there , are n't they ?
In the Middle East and east Europe , these ethnic problems are still there , are n't they ?
I have to study about them at least before I visit there .
Well , Japan also has a lot of trouble with neighbor countries though . . .

Must And Do n't have to do
I must do a lot of homework and reports !
I must do a lot of homeworks and reports !
However , I always do what I do n't have to do ( > < )
Because they 're fascinating ! xxx
Listening to music ,
Watching TV or DVD ,
Watching TV or DVDs ,
Reading magazines ,
Shopping ,
, , , and
Eating ! haha
They make me happy from the bottom of my heart !
However , what I must do make me really happy in the future .
However , what I must do will make me very happy in the future .
If I do it , I can feel a sense of achievement .
If I can do it , I can feel a sense of accomplishment .
Almost humans want to get away of what they have to do ,
Most people want to avoid things they have to do ,
though they know that it 's important .
And they know that the more disgusting it will become , the more time passed .
I know , yes , I know , , ,
I must do what I have to do before I think `` I hate it ! `` or `` Oh , my god !
I have to do it ! ``
If I can finish it , I can have a more great time to do what I do n't have to do ( I wanna do ) than I did n't finish it .
If I can finish it , I can have a better time to do what I do n't have to do ( I wanna do ) than not finishing it .
I will think procedure for my action profoundly !
I will thought of procedure for my action profoundly !

today is Wednesday , New Year drawing near , New Year and Valentine 's Day this year , the same day .
Today is Wednesday ; New Year drawing near . This year , New Year and Valentine 's Day are on the same day .
My colleague tonight 's plane to travel , how happy , I also want to travel , but I do n't speak English and no money , oh god , why are there so many languages in the world , Do not use the same language ?
My colleague will travel by plane tonight : how happy ! I also want to travel , but I do n't speak English and I have no money . Oh god , why are there so many languages in the world ? Why do n't we all use the same language ?
My colleague plans to travel tonight , how happy ! I also want to travel , but I do n't speak English and have no money . Oh god , why are there so many languages in the world ? Why do we not all use the same language ?
: ( cheer up !
I think I can learn English well !

I love soccer !
My favourite team is Manchester United .
I like Ryan Giggs very much !
I also like Beijing Guo ' an and like Darko Matic .
I also like Beijing Guo ' an and Darko Matic .
I have four soccer scarves , Beijing Guo ' an FC , Manchester United , Birmingham FC and Beijing Baxi FC .
I have four soccer scarves : Beijing Guo ' an FC , Manchester United , Birmingham FC and Beijing Baxi FC .
But I lost Manchester United scarves in Tianjin ! ! ! ! !
But I lost my Manchester United scarves in Tianjin ! ! ! ! !
I 'm so sad !

APH is a comic about world history .
I made every country become people .
The characters ' personality is from their nationality and customs .
The characters ' personality is from ( depends on ) their nationality and customs .
The strong country are usually a man or powerful woman .
The people from strong countries are usually a man or powerful woman .
Because it made a big sympathetic responses , it becomes more and more famouse .
Like in WW1 , England is the enemy of every country .
Like in WW1 , England was the enemy of every country .
The enmity of opium with China ; The detachment with America ; Always fight with France since bigining . . .
The enmity from opium problems with China ; the detachment with America ; always fighting with France since the beginning . . .
It 's very interesting and it made you understand the history and geography of the world , a lot of different things in different country .
It 's very interesting and it makes you understand the history and geography of the world , plus a lot of other different things in different countries .
I love APH ! And Taiwan is a cute girl .
I love APH ! And Taiwan has a cute girl .
Someone who have saw that aomic , you can talk with me about it .
If you have seen this comic , you can talk with me about it .

Friend . . . .
I want to non - Japanese friends .
But I can not foreign language . . . .
but I can not speak a foreign language very well .
My English and Korean are bad .
I am sad .
Language is very very importable .
If I can speak English , Korean , Chinese , , , , , I will have a lot of friends .
If I can speak English , Korean and Chinese , I will have a lot of friends .

Roommate !
My house is a small house which used to be a garage , and just for two people .
Until last weekend , one of previous tenants had lived with me , but my friend moved into the house last Sunday ! !
Until last weekend , one of the previous tenants had lived with me , but my friend moved into the house last Sunday ! !
We started living together again because we had lived the same homestay before coming here , too : ) Living with her makes it much fun to spend the time at home * We cook , talk , or do many things together ! !
Actually , she have to go back to Japan at the end of August , but I want to enjoy a lot until then .
Actually , she has to go back to Japan at the end of August , but I want to hang out with her a lot until then .
Last weekends was busy .
Last weekend was busy .
I needed to go shopping , do landries , and visit my friend .
I needed to go shopping , do landry , and visit my friend .
My friend and I made Okonomi - yaki at her home .
It was very delicious .
I did not think I was able to eat it that is as good as ones in Japan !
I think it was better than what I 'd had in Japan !
Lately , I was thinking about my plan to stay in Vancouver .
She gave me some advices .
She gave me some advice .
If I really do what I want , I should study much harder than now .
If I really In order to do what I want , I should study much harder than now .
Maybe it is so hard that I accommplish it , though I do it .
Maybe it is very hard to accomplish it .
However , she said I might be able to do it , so I should trust me and just do everything I can ! ! !
However , she said I might be able to do it , so I should trust in myself and just do everything I can ! ! !

Today , I 'm going to write about `` Karaoke . ``
Are you familiar with Karaoke ? ( Which is better ?
Are you familiar with Karaoke ?
`` Do you know about Karaoke ? `` )
Karaoke is the place to sing songs .
Karaoke is the place whereby we can sing a song .
But , Karaoke has some means .
But karaoke has some meanings .
The word `` Karaoke `` has some meanings .
It 's too difficult to explain for me .
It 's too difficult for me to explain here .
In the place , there are many box - type rooms .
In Karaoke there are many small box - type partitioned rooms .
In there , we are sing .
We can sing in the room .
We can sing around in Karaoke .
I like to sing a song with my friends .
I like to sing with my friends .
I enjoy singing with my friends in Karaoke .
However , I 'm not good at to sing .
However , I 'm not good at singing .
However , I 'm not good at singing .
In Japan , many people like it .
Many Japanese people like it .
In Japan , many people like singing in Karaoke .
From child to senior , a lot of people go to Karaoke .
Irrespective of age , from young to old , a lot of people go to Karaoke .
In my city , there are many Karaoke shops .
There are many Karaoke shops in my city .
In my city , there are many Karaoke shops .
Karaoke machine grades the song that he sang .
Karaoke machines will grade the song for a person sang .
It is detail , but it 's good for us to enjoy singing .
I want to be good at singing very much .
I want to sing very well .
I want to improve my singing very much .
Do you like to sing a song ?
Do you like to sing ?
Do you like to sing a song too ?
Is there a place such as Karaoke in your country ?
Is there any Karaoke shop in your country ?
Thank you for reading : )

Poetic expressions
One of my aim of studying English is to have a good command of English poetic expressions .
One of my aims of studying English is to have a good grasp of English poetic expressions .
I never learned it at school because my major is science .
The expression of the science papers are basically systematic .
I would like to read an easy poem .
I prefer positive expression and short phrase .
If you know that kind of poet , please recommend to me : )
By the way , I like Tanikawa Shuntaro in Japanese poet .
By the way , I like Tanikawa Shuntaro in Japanese poetry .
`` Morning Relay `` is my favorite one .
I 'll translate it in next diary !
( I know it already have a good translation but I will do it by myself . )
( I know there already is a good translation but I will make a translation myself . )

I 've been learning hula for ten months though I 've never been to Hawaii .
I 've been learning hula for ten months , although I 've never been to Hawaii .
A Japanese movie named ' Hula girl ' inspired me very much .
When I joined the lesson first time , it was very tough . . .
When I attended the first lesson , I found it was very tough . . .
Because I have to almost always be in a half - crouching position .
Because I had to stay in a half - crouching position most of the time .
Anyway , I 've been addicted to it and I 've been practicing very hard for the success of the rollout because it will be held on August 312008 .
Anyway , I 've been addicted to it ever since and I 've been practicing very hard for the success of the rollout because it will be held on August 312008 .
I do n't have any confidence yet , but I wanna do my best .

family issues
My brother offered me to cook for him on daily basis ( usually I do this only when he comes home from work , tired ) .
He also thinks that I can help him work by . . . carrying his supplies ( and they are goddamn heavy ) .
Ah , isn ` t he cute ? > _ <

Eating too much
Yesterday , I ate too much for lunch .
So I ate a little for dinner .
However , while I was sitting up late , I ate too much .
However , while I was sitting up late , I ate too much ( again ) .
( I ate two cups of rice and two toasts with choclates .
( I ate two cups of rice and two pieces of toast with chocolates .
And I drunk cafe ore . ) And I ate too much for lunch today . . .
And I drank a cafe au lait . ) And I ate too much for lunch today . . .
I went to ramen shop with my friend , who is 2 years older than me .
I went to a ramen shop with my friend , who is 2 years older than me .
And , in Japan , older one often pays for both of two .
And , in Japan , older friends often pay for both meals .
And fortunatelly he paid for me .
We ate Tsukemen .
And it was huge .
Noodle weighted 350g .
The noodles ( alone ) weighed 350g .
It was pretty yammy anyway .
It was pretty yummy anyway .
I like it .
However its huge .
Actually I felt throwing up a little .
So my stomach has been killed a couple of times in these 2 days .
So my stomach has been killed a couple of times the past 2 days .
ah . . . please get tough xD

cover letter for architecture design office
XXX XXX suggested that I write to you regarding a position at your studio .
Perhaps you are looking for Japanese talented architects with over three years of progressive and experience in architecture school .
Perhaps you are looking for talented Japanese architects with over three years experience in architecture school .
I am pursuing urban renewal techniques and landscape architectures , and now I interested in the algorithmic design .
I am pursuing urban renewal techniques and landscape architectures , and I have a keen interest in algorithmic design .
My intention and experience provided me broad unique vision for the new architecture field in China .
My intention and experience provided me with a broad and unique vision for the new architectural field in China .
I graduated from Tokyo University of the Arts with Bachelor degree in architecture and I am studying in Master degree now .
I graduated from Tokyo University of the Arts with Bachelor degree in architecture and I am pursuing a Master degree now .
I learned various designing skills and aesthetics in the university .
So I possess a strong skill of visual expression .
I possess a strong skill of visual expression .
I was absent from school for one year in 2007 , I instead I worked full - time in the office of Professor Akira Kuryu ( Chiba Univ . ) in one year period .
In 2007 , I had the opportunity to work full - time in the office of Professor Akira Kuryu ( Chiba University . ) for one year .
I experienced teamwork and learned various building design processes and landscape designs .
This experience provided me with valuable abilities of the general building design processes .
This experience provided me with valuable skills of the general building design processes .
Additionally , in the Jun Aoki office , I operated Rhinoceros and have made various progress in different projects such as assembling natural collages , and operating 3D fundamental forms with command in CAD .
Additionally , in the Jun Aoki office , I operated Rhinoceros and was involved in different projects such as assembling natural collages , and operating 3D fundamental forms on CAD software .
I can use technical knowledge with the foundation of skills to quickly adapt to new technologies .
I have both technical knowledge and a good foundation of skills to quickly adapt to new technologies .
For instance , since I had known the usage of machinery in advance , I taught my colleagues how to use it .
For instance , since I was familiar with the usage of machinery , I taught my colleagues how to use it .
From these work experiences , I realized the importance of the fundamental skills and teamwork are necessary for architecture projects , which helped me a lot for the next job in this field .
From these work experiences , I realized fundamental skills and good teamwork are important factors in the success of architecture projects , which helped me a lot for the next job in this field .
I have strong communication skills to collaborate with teams and I am also able to be assertive .
I have strong communication skills to collaborate with teams and I am also confident in my skills .
My ability to deliberate about given problems has allowed me to consistently achieve goals .
My ability to deliberate solutions for problems has allowed me to consistently achieve goals .
For instance , at the Professor Kuryu 's office , when we designed the public hall , the government and we researched the opinion of local residents .
For instance , at the Professor Kuryu 's office , when we designed the public hall , we worked with the government to find out the opinion of local residents .
The opinion was divided at first .
I added up these opinions analytically and integrated my proposal into the final report .
I analysed these opinions and integrated them in my proposal of the final report .
This was agreed upon all members and we could accomplish this project with my proposal .
This was agreed upon by all members and we could accomplish this project by following my proposal .
I am certain that my experiences and abilities , which are resulted in my web page , would contribute to your projects .
I am certain that my experiences and abilities , which are listed in my web page , would contribute to your projects .
Please let me know if you are interested and able to make a time for a meeting .
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration .
Sincerely ,

FUJI ROCK FESTIVAL 2010
This weekend , I will go to Niigata for FUJI ROCK FESTIVAL 2010 .
This weekend , I will go to Niigata for the FUJI ROCK FESTIVAL 2010 .
I 'm looking forward to listening to the various bands playing ,
especially Atoms for Peace that is Tom Yorke 's new group .
I 'm too excited to work .

Be honest
I asked my friend today , if it is possible that I will get a good mark in English speaking examination , because I actually like to speak in English very much and I also enjoy to do so .
I asked my friend today if it is possible I will get a good mark on my English speaking examination . I actually like to speak in English very much .
However , she was so serious and she said to me , I will never get one of the best mark because I make so many mistakes during the English conversations .
However , she was very serious when she told to me I will never get one of the best marks , because I make so many mistakes during English conversations .
Then , I had to ask for myself , whether it is a good thing to be honest at all because her honest answer hurted me so much , even it is the fact what it is .
Then I had to ask for myself whether it is a good thing to be honest at all , because her honest answer hurt me so much .
I know already lying is not a good thing , however , we sometimes need to lie which is called ' a white lie ' to comfort somebody else .
I know that lying is not a good thing . However , sometimes we need to tell a ' white lie ' , which is meant to comfort somebody else .
On the other hand , I was very happy that she gave me a real tip so I can consider this aspect more carefully .
Being honest is very difficult as well , but she trusted me to say it because she concerns me so much and honestly .
Being honest is very difficult as well , but she felt confident to tell me , because she has real concern for my well - being .
So , I am very grateful that she said to me something honestly , so I can see my problem more objectively .
I am very grateful that she responded honestly . Now I can view my problem more objectively .

The First Writing
Nice to meet you !
I write a diary for the first time .
I am writing a diary for the first time .
I have been studying English because I want to learn it and to speak many people .
I have been studying English because I want to speak with many different people .
My friends told me this site is good so I write : )
My friends told me this site is good : )
Reading books
There are several reasons reading books is good .
There are several reasons why reading books is good .
First of all , you can learn many things from books .
There are much information in it .
There are alot of information we can get from books .
For example , science , literature , grobal , language , and so on .
For example , science , literature , global , language , and so on .
In addition , you can improve your emotion .
In addition , you can broaden your perspective .
The more you read books , the more your emotion are improve .
The more you read books , the more your communication skills can improve . .
Finally , if you read many books , you can communicate with someone who read the same book .
I advise you to go a book store or the library and buy some books : )
That 's all .
Thank you .

canker sore
I have a canker sore right now .
It hurts ! !
Yesterday , I went to sleep at 12 .
I do n't have the reason . . .
I do n't have a reason for doing so . . .
I hope it will get better .

# 8 - - Facebook
Hi everyone ,
Do you have your facebook account ?
Do you have a facebook account ?
Do you have a facebook account ?
In fact , I got my face book account a bit ago .
In fact , I got my facebook account a while ago .
I think I 'm gon na update my facebook .
I think I 'm gon na update my facebook page .
( Today I uploaded Mt .
( Today , I uploaded Mt .
Fuji pictures )
If you interested in it , let you access and friend request : )
If you are interested in it , I will let you access and accept your friend request : )
If you are interested in it , I will allow you access and accept your friend request : )
Free vacation
Time really does fly on vacation .
I 'm doing nothing except surfing the internet .
I do n't want to go outside , it 's really cold now . .
and I 'm easily catch colds .
and I easily catch colds .
Anyway , I hope to know what is the best way to write essay in English well .
Watching drama series and movies have been the most helpful ever . ( ? ) Recently I 'm enjoying ' Desperate Housewives ' season 6 .
What I was surprised is the directors of the drama are gays even though it 's main characters are all women acting houswives .
What I was surprised about is that the directors of the drama are gay even though it 's main characters are all women acting as housewives .
I 've thought that must be made by woman directors , anyway it 's awesome .
I thought it was made by female directors , but anyway it 's awesome .
There is a boy named Andrew in this drama .
He is immature , rebellious to his mother , and he is gay .
Then I guess the directors have reflected their own experiences and imaginary to the Andrew .
As considering the stories and mood of desperate housewives , the drama is fit to women .
considering the stories and mood of desperate housewives , the drama is fit to women .
* it 's nice to give any advice to me and fix it please . : )
I 'd like to use better expressions and right words .
I 'd like to use better expressions and correct words .

How many languages have you studied ?
Today , I wanna think of studying foreign languages .
Today , I wanna talk about studying foreign languages .
How many languages have you studied ?
As for me , 3 languages - English , Korean , French .
I think English is common language in the world these days so many people in the world study it .
Students in public school have been studied English from 7grade in Japan .
Students in public schools have studied English since 7th grade in Japan .
But the laws are changed and study it from 1grade these days .
I was interested in Korean when I was junior high school student , and I study it by myself using textbooks I bought at bookstore .
( but my korean is not good , still beginner level . )
( But my Korean is not good , I ' mstill a beginner level . )
Most Japanese college let their students study foreign language expect English .
Most Japanese colleges let their students study any foreign language except English .
( Of course English is a compulsory subject .
We have to take other languages class . )
We have to take other language classes . )
There are generally German , French , Chinese , Spanish , and so on .
I wanted to study Korean at my college but unfortunately my college does n't offer Korean class , so I took French class .
I wanted to study Korean at my college . But unfortunately , my college does n't offer Korean classes , so I took French .
Actually I do n't like study French because I 'm not so interested in France from the outset and I took it against my will because I had to choose one from my college 's offer .
Actually , I do n't like to study French because I 'm not very interested in France to begin with . I took it against my will because I had to choose one my college offered .
It 's not good to study , is n't it ?
I 'm not fluent all languages but I 'm interested in other languages .
I 'm not fluent in any languages , but I 'm interested in other languages
Have you ever had this feeling like me ?
Have you ever had this feeling too ? ( sounds more natural )
My mom said it 's not good for me and she suggested me I should study other language before I master one .
My mom said it 's not good for me , and she suggested that I should study other languages before I master one .
( It 's hard to explain in correct grammar . .
Do you understand what I want to say ? )
I agree with my mom indeed , but how do I deal with my desires .
I indeed agree with my mom , but how do I deal with my desires ?
How do you think about this issue ?
What do you think about this issue ?
Then how many language can you speak ?
Thanks for reading my journal .
If you are okay , please answer my questions .
If you are okay with it , please answer my questions .

Subjunctive Mood .
Subjunctive mood is difficult for me .
Especially the tense which is used in the sentences is very difficult .
Yesterday , I had an English lesson .
Then I saw a subjunctive mood sentence .
It had used `` were `` .
Probably , almost Japanese students are taught that sometimes `` were `` is used to subjunctive mood .
Probably , most Japanese students are taught that sometimes `` were `` is used for the subjunctive mood .
For example ,
If I were rich , I could buy whatever I want .
If I were rich , I could buy whatever I wanted .
However my teacher told me that almost American do n't use it .
However my teacher told me that most Americans do n't use it .
I think that all language is changeable every minute but I 'm confused .
I think that all languages are changeable every minute but I 'm confused .
Do you use `` were `` to subjunctive mood ?
Do you use `` were `` for the subjunctive mood ?
Would you please tell me your opinion ?

examination
The examination is close , but I have not prepared well for it ,
I hate examination .
I hate examinations .

Can you skipping rope ?
When I was a chird , I was very well it .
When I was a child , I was very good at it .
But I can not it now .
But I can not do it now .
My body is heavy .
After school chirdren practice it every day .
After school , children practice it every day .
They are very well .
They are very good .

I played badminton today .
I was very tired .
I should give oneself strength more .
I should give myself more strength .
I need more strenghth .

hello , I 'm new member .
Hello , I 'm a new member on lang 8 .
I want to study enghlish so I want to make friend with eryone .
I want to study English so I want to make friends with everyone .

Digital eye
Today I went to eye clinic for checking my eyes .
Today I went to the eye clinic for a check up
Today I went to see the oculist
Last day , I was operated on my shortsighted eyes .
Yesterday , I had an operation because of my shortsighted eyes .
, Yesterday I took an operation on my myopia .
My power of vision increased 2 . 0 from 0 . 1 , it 's incredible !
My quality of vision has increased from 0 . 1 to 2 . 0 - it 's incredible !
View from train was very clear just like photograph taken by digital camera .
The view from the train was very clear , just like photograph taken by a digital camera .
Everything see through from the window in the MRT just like the high resolution picture took by a digital camera .
I was surprised by recent medical technology .
I was surprised by the recent improvements in medical technology .
I am very impressive by the modern medical technology
Goodbye my glasses , thanks for so many years .
Goodbye my glasses , thanks for all these years .
Goodbye my glasses , thanks for so many years accompany with me

The Spiderwick Chronicles ( movie )
I watched `` The Spiderwick Chronicles `` on DVD today .
I wanted to watch a fantasy like `` Harry Potter `` yesterday , but the movie I watched yesterday was a dark fantasy and it had a little heavy theme .
I wanted to watch a fun fantasy like `` Harry Potter `` yesterday but instead I watched a dark fantasy with a heavy theme .
Today 's movie is really good .
The movie I watched today was really good .
This is fantasy ! !
The special effects were amazing .
It had a lot of elements adventure , thrill , cute creatures , and so on .
It had a lot of elements like adventure , thrills , cute creatures , and so on .
Freddie Highmore plays two roles as twin brothers .
I thought the twins were played by two person .
I thought the twins were played by two persons .
They had absolutely different characters .
They were completely different characters .
His performance in this film was great !
I really enjoyed the movie !

Hi Lang - 8ters ! !
I would like to introduce my self .
I would like to introduce myself .
My name is Taro Abe .
I ` m half Japanese and half Indonesian .
I am highly interested in movies , games , music , manga , and etc .
If you guys have anything to ask about Japanese culture , don ` t be shy to ask me a question .
I will never care if it ` s a stupid or a serious question , that is because I ` m totally a broadminded person , and I ` m free to look at peoples mistakes at Japanese .
Oh ! , and of course please correct my Uploads to make it look like a mature sentence .
Cheers ! !

I watched moovies .
I watched some movies .
Today was my holiday .
Today was a holiday .
So I went to moovie theater to watch moovie .
So , I went to the movie theater to watch some movies .
I watched two moovies because today is first day that we can watch moovie only 1000yen .
I watched two movies ; because , today is first day that we can watch movies for only 1000 yen .
We usualy have to pay abut 2000 yen .
We usually have to pay about 2000 yen .
I watched Japanese moovies `` my derling is foreingner ' ' and `` Nodame cantarbire ' ' Those were funny and impressed .
I watched the Japanese movies `` My Darling is a Foreigner ' ' and `` Nodame cantarbire . ' ' Those movies were funny and impressive .
`` Nodame cantabire ' ' is one of my favorite .
`` Nodame cantabire ' ' is one of my favorite movies .
Theme is music .
It 's theme is music
and stage is Paris .
and setting is in Paris .
If you are interested in it , please watch it .
Irecommend it .
I recommend it .

I think all of you have already heard about the Brazilian carnival .
I think all of you have already heard of the Brazilian Carnival .
It is the most anticipated holiday here once during four days in February people nationwide are invited to celebrate joy according to their local culture .
This highly anticipated holiday , celebrated for four days in February , invites people throughout the nation to celebrate according to their local culture .
Rio de Janeiro is internationally known for its `` escolas de samba `` .
They are organized artistic groups that prepare performances to be presented in great parades , and there Brazilians as well as tourists delight in the mesmerizing dance and music .
They are organized artistic groups that prepare performances to be presented in great parades . At the parades Brazilians , as well as , tourists delight in the mesmerizing dance and music .
However , there are those who do n't appreciate the party and prefer lighter activities such as relaxing at the beach or in the countryside .
Others choose to draw close to God through religious gatherings in which the silence is welcomed as a way to get in contact with the innermost .
Whatever choice may be , the carnival is a time to recharge the batteries in order to face the year ahead .
Whatever you choose , Carnival is a time to recharge your batteries in order to face the year ahead .

Is it possible to understand other people 's pain ?
Is it possible to understand other people 's pain ?
I think we can imagine other people 's pain to use our past experience .
I think we can imagine other people 's pain because of our past experiences .
For example , we know that it 's painful when a ball hit to my body fastly .
For example , we know that it 's painful when a ball hits to my body quickly .
Because we learn that by experiencing that actually .
Because we learn that by experiencing that .
So when a ball hit other people 's body , I can imagine that painful .
So when a ball hits other people 's body , I can imagine that it is painful .
But I can only imagine that .
But I can only imagine that .
A ball do n't hit to my body .
A ball did n't hit my body .
A ball hitting other people 's body is not my experience .
A ball hitting other people 's body is not my experience .
So I ca n't understand .
So I ca n't understand .
How do you answer to this question ?
How do you answer this question ?

06 - 29 - 2011
It is a garbage collection day this morning .
The garbage was collected this morning .
Today 's garbage are bottles , cans , and nonburnable .
I brought a bag of garbage to a garbage station .
It is my job in my family .
Tomorrow is a burnable garbage day .

I feel hopeless ! ! ! !
I feel hopeless ! ! ! !
it 's been a week now , no one , on one , is willing to corrct my essay , I 'm so sad .
It 's been a week now , no one , no one , is willing to correct my essay , I 'm so sad .
God help me out ! ! !

rough day
Some of my friends seem to be having bad days .
When I got to my class building , one of my American best friends was crying .
When I got to my class building , one of my best friends in America was crying .
I asked what 's wrong with her , and then she told me that she just got a text from her mom about her grandma passed away .
I asked what 's wrong with her , and then she told me that she just got a text from her mom saying that her grandma passed away .
I did n't know what am I supposed to say to her .
I did n't know what was I supposed to say to her .
I did n't know what I was supposed to say to her .
I did n't know what I was supposed to say to her .
I just said `` I 'm sorry `` over and over .
I did n't come up with any words which can make her feel better .
I did n't come up with any words that could make her feel better .
I could n't come up with any words to make her feel better .
After the class over , I got a call from my Japanese friend .
After the class was over , I got a call from my Japanese friend .
She sounded really upset .
Her boy friend who started dating only 3 days ago dumped her .
Her boy friend who she started dating only 3 days ago dumped her .
Her boyfriend who she started dating only 3 days ago dumped her .
I did n't know what to say again .
Probably saying nothing and listening her talk were best way to make her feel better .
Probably saying nothing and listening to her talk was the best way to make her feel better .
I felt really sorry for them .
It is sometimes really hard for me to think of what I should say when my friends are having hard time .
It is sometimes really hard for me to think of what I should say when my friends are having a hard time .

Definition
The other day I looked up the word ' mediocre ' and found this example :
' It 's hard to admit that we 're middling , or even mediocre . '
Then I also looked up ' middling ' and could n't really see a difference between the definitions of the two .
Then I also looked up ' middling ' and could n't really see a difference between the two definitions
In the sentence , ' mediocre ' comes after ' even ' so it seems that ' middling ' is inferior to ' mediocre ' .
Is this right ?
One more question !
Would it sound natural if I used them in daily conversations ?
Or are they rather used in written English ?

My first lesson
Today was my first lesson in English conversation .
It was very interesting !
I leaned how to use `` how , what , where and when `` .
I was laughed class mate .
I was laughed class mate . My classmate laughed at me
Because I said `` Who am I ? `` .

I 'm a little nervous .
I 'm going to join English lesson program from tomorrow .
During the lesson , You do n't speak Japanese .
In fact , I ca n't speak English .
I have n't such a experience until now .
so the first , I was confused to join this program .
But I decided to choose to action than keep confusing in myself .
But I decided to act rather than keep confusing myself .
When this program finished , I hope that my English is more good .

Today I went to shopping with my mother and brother .
Today I went shopping with my mother and brother .
We had a nice day .
She came back after some months , she work in another city and visit us one time each two or three months .
My mother had come back after some months . She works in another city and visits us once every two or three months .
We are in Winter , and my brother did n't take his coat because in the morning it was sunny .
It is winter here , and my brother did n't take his coat because that morning it was sunny .
At five o ' clock in the afternoon he started to feel cold .
He should had bring up his coat .
He should have taken his coat .

Please correct my story ~
It 's a happening when my childhood .
It 's took place one day during my childhood .
When a student of middle school , Though I had seen my friend 's father once in the bus , I ca n't recognize him .
When I was a student in middle school , Though I had seen my friend 's father once in the bus , but I could n't recognize him .
so I do n't bow to him .
So I did n't bow to him .
A few days later my friend who is daughter of him that I saw in the bus a few days ago ask me that why you did n't bow to the my father ?
A few days later my friend who is a daughter of the man that I saw in the bus asked me why I did n't bow to her father ?
I wondering said I 've never seen your father .
I was wondering I said `` I 've never seen your father `` .
and she was answer
' My father said to saw you in the bus on that day .
`` My father said he saw you in the bus on that day . `` she replied
- to be continued - : D
I wish to your attention ~
I wish for your attention ~

There was a cherry blossom tree in bloom
My friend came to my home to have a chat yesterday .
We were supposed to meet at 11 a . m but she was late .
She text me she would be late .
She sent me a text to say that she would be late .
So I went shopping before she came .
We made an appoitment to meet up in front of her flat .
On our way home , there was a cherry blossom tree in bloom .
There were lots of cherry blossom trees on the park street but the only one in full bloom .
It was so beautiful .

Restarting
I want to restart this diary today .
Since I have to make some progress in the writing skill of English .
Since I have to make some progress in my English writing skills .
Yesterday , I bought a new jacket at online .
Yesterday , I bought a new jacket online .
It was quite cheep .
It was quite cheap .
So , I worried about the quality until it delivered on this morning .
So , I worried about the quality until it was delivered this morning .
It was not so miserable .
I 'm content with a good shopping and the amazing fast delivery .
Thank you .

Cloudy morning .
It 's cloudy in sapporo , it seems to begin to rain .
It 's cloudy in Sapporo , it seems it will begin to rain .
I like summer rain .
Its smell , its atomosphere .
It makes me be into somehow nostalgic feelings .
It 's somehow nostalgic .

`` You too `` or `` Me too `` ?
When someone said to you `` Nice to see you again , `` what do you reply ?
When someone says to you `` Nice to see you again , `` what do you reply ?
When someone says to you `` Nice to see you again , `` what do you reply ?
`` You too `` or `` Me too `` ?
( I would appreciate it if you would correct any mistakes or strange expressions , if there are any . )

Nice to meet you .
My name is Katsunari , Katsunari Arai .
I am university student .
I am a university student .
Age is 19 .
My age is 19 .
I play ice hockey .
My position is GK .
I want to speak English , becouse my dream is working fireign country .
I want to speak English , because my dream is to work in a foreign country .
please help me with my English .
Please help me with my English .
Give me your advise .
Give me your advice .

college life
My biggest problem in college is that I get exhausted because I have a lot of things to do .
My biggest problem with college is that I get exhausted because I have a lot of things to do .
I heard that college life is free and easy , but in reality it is not .
I have many classes in the first period , so I have to get up and go to college early .
It is hard for me .
I have a lot of tasks , so I do it right after coming home and have to study till late at night .
Moreover , I am in the baseball club and work after college , so I get tired physically .
In this life cycle , my fatigue accumulates day by day .
With this kind of life style , my fatigue accumulates day by day .
In conclusion , I will take a rest in this summer vacation , and recover my vigor .
In conclusion , I will take a rest during my summer vacation , and recover my vigor .

my excel level
I usually use excel by work ,
I usually use excel at work ,
but my excel level is very poor , too . . .
but my excel level is very poor too . . .
I have a lot of must study ! !

I have tried to write about sports , family , and movie .
I have tried to write about sports , my family , and movies .
I have no idea to write the above topics .
I have no idea what to write about these topics .
Although , I have to submit it in this evening .
However , I have to submit it in this evening .
I still can not finish it yet .
I think what I write about the topics are not good , such as rubbish like my lecturer said .
I think what I write about ( the topics ) is not good . My lecturer said it was rubbish .
What should I do to make a good writing ?
What should I do to write well ?

Self introduction
I 'm is Boy I 'm 21 , I 'm from to Chinaese .
I 'm a boy , I 'm 21 , and I 'm from China .
I 'm a programmer .
Want to know some friends in this !
I want to make some friends with this !
I would like to make some friends here .

Today , after finishing work , I went to a dentist and had my teeth cleaned .
It has been about 4 months since I did it the last time .
It has been about 4 months since my last checkup .
The dentist told me that I do n't have cavities as ever .
The dentist told me that I do n't have any cavities as yet .
I sometimes forget or fail to brush my teeth , but I have had no cavities since I began to go there and get removed my tartar on a regular basis .
I sometimes forget or fail to brush my teeth , but fortunately I have had no cavities since I began going there and I get my tartar removed on a regular basis .
The dentist and assistants always managed to find a way of relaxing children .
The dentist and assistants always manageto find a way to relax children .
For example , they put a TV in front of the patient 's chair and play the DVD of ' Tom & Jerry ' while the child is examined .
For example , they put a TV in front of the patient 's chair and play the DVD of ' Tom & Jerry ' while the child is ( being ) examined .
I 'm afraid that the parents confuse Tom 's shriek with their child 's .
I 'm afraid that the parents confuse Tom 's shriek with their child 's . lol !

Ambulance
I heard an ambulance siren and the siren stoped it soon .
I heard an ambulance siren , but the siren stopped soon .
I thought something happened near my house .
I went outside and saw the ambulance stoped at the condominium near here .
I went outside and saw the ambulance stopped at the condominium near here .
I went outside and saw an ambulance stopping at the condominium near here .
After a while , ( maybe in 20 minutes ) , I went outside and noticed the ambulance was still there .
After a while , ( maybe in 20 minutes ) , I went outside again and noticed the ambulance was still there .
I wonder why the ambulance did n't go to hospital immediately .
According to the neighborhood , they could n't find the hospital that accept the patient .
The doctors are badly off in our civilian hospital .
This is a serious problem .

Learning a foreign language was one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experiences of my life .
Learning a foreign language is one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experiences of my life .
I mean English .
But recently , I found that language sense
So since I entered university , I have always beening listening real voice
So since I entered university , I have always been listening to real English voices to improve it .
of English to improve it .
The Penguins of Madagascar is my favorite cartoon , and I learn alot from it .
The Penguins of Madagascar is my favorite cartoon , and I learned a lot from it .

my task at work was finished this year and cleaned up around
my task at work was finished this year and so I cleaned up around
my task at work was finished this year and so I cleaned up around
my desk and etc .
so I was so tired .
I was so tired .
I was so tired .
I like my work better than cleaning .

What do you do to relax ?
I went for wedding work on suterday .
I was doing some wedding - related work suterday .
There were 5 couples wedding .
There were 5 different couples getting married .
I was very
tired and had a headache .
so I had a medicine and slept early .
I took some medicine and slept early .
Then I went to Shiga for helping choral socaiety 's regular concert yesterday .
Then , yesterday I went to Shiga to help out with a choral society 's regular concert .
I made an announcement .
I felt a little tense when I read a congratulatory messege .
I felt a little tense when I read the congratulatory messege .
it worked !
since I was busy 2 days , I went to `` sento `` today !
since I was busy 2 days , I went to a `` sento `` ( Public bath ) today !
I feel so relax .
I feel so relaxed .
I think `` sento `` is nice culture .
I think `` sento `` is a nice part of Japanese culture .
What do you do to relax ?

I return to my home .
I returned to my home .
I goes to Thailand 6 days ago and I arrived on South Korea yesterday .
I went to Thailand 6 days ago and I arrived in South Korea yesterday .
Thailand weather was very hot and sticky .
when I arrived Thailand , I could not breath because Thai 's temperature was over 40C but I had precious time in Thailand .
When I arrived in Thailand , I could not breath because the temperature was over 40C , but I had a precious time in Thailand .
I could feel that Thai people are very kind and they have a positive mind .
I could feel that Thai people are very kind and have a positive mind .
there are very beautiful place and many delicious food which is very economical .
There were several beautiful places and many delicious foods , which were very economical .
sometimes I got into a ' Tuk Tuk ' which is Thai 's transportation .
Sometimes I got into a ' Tuk Tuk ' , which is a Thai transportation .
It joggles heavy but very fun and Thai 's McDonald mascot motion is different from other country .
It shook heavily , but it was very fun . The Thai 's McDonald mascot had a different pose from other countries .
I had a chance to go to Snor Keling and I could watch beautiful tropical fishes and corals .
I had a great time from Thailand and I never forget for Thailand travel .
I had a great time in Thailand and I will never forget my trip .
I attach the photo in Thailand and all photo were taken by my film camera ( Konica pop ) .
I attached the photos of Thailand , which were taken by my film camera ( Konica pop ) .
Do you believe a reincarnation ?
Do you believe in reincarnation ?
Do you believe in reincarnation ?
I will tell you about my mother 's funny story today .
She is one of the person who believe a reincarnation .
She is one person who believes in reincarnation .
She is one of the people who believe I n reincarnation .
When I was a child , I lived with a little dog .
It was a white dog and my mother loved it so much .
It was a white dog , and my mother loved it so much .
However , it was 8 years old , it got sick .
However , when it was 8 years old , it got sick .
However , when it was 8 years old , it got sick .
She was worried about it and took care of it very hard , but it died .
She was worried about it and took care of it a lot , but it died .
Of course all of us felt sad and cried , because we loved it so much .
Of course , all of us felt sad and cried , because we loved it so much .
My mother especially felt too sad and she said to the dog 's dead body `` If you will be able to reborn , you should be a human 's baby next time . ``
My mother especially felt so sad that she said to the dog 's dead body `` If you will be able to be reborn , you should be a human 's baby next time . ``
My mother especially felt too sad and she said to the dog 's dead body `` If you will be able to be reborn , you should be a human 's baby next time . ``
After 20 years later , I gave birth my daughter and my mother was very glad about that .
After 20 years later , I gave birth . my daughter and my mother was very glad about that .
20 years later , I gave birth to my daughter , and my mother was very glad about that .
When my daughter was three old years , my mother suddenly showed her a bowl .
And she asked my daughter `` Do you remember this ? ``
And she asked my daughter , `` Do you remember this ? ``
When I looked at it , I was too shocked because it was the bowl which our dog had used before .
When I looked at it , I was so shocked because it was the bowl which our dog had used before .
Of course my daughter was upset and could n't understand what she meant .
Of course , my daughter was upset , and could n't understand what she meant .
Therefore she started to explain about the bowl `` It was the bowl which you were my dog before , I have wanted to meet you as a human being for a long time .
Therefore she started to explain about the bowl `` It was the bowl which you used when were my dog . I have wanted to meet you as a human being for a long time .
Do n't you remember me ?
and Do n't you remember that bowl ? ``
Do n't you remember that bowl ? ``
My daughter answered `` I do n't remember well .
My daughter answered `` I do n't remember well .
I do n't know about the bowl . ``
When she heard my daughter 's answer , she seemed to be disappoint .
When she heard my daughter 's answer , she seemed to be disappointed .
When she heard my daughter 's answer , she seemed to be disappointed .
I realized that my mother loved our dog from bottom of her heart and she had believed that she could meet it again .

hospitalstay
I woke up earler than usual today .
I ca n't get to the bottom of it .
Yet , waking up early is n't so bad .
It 's fine today and there are no clouds in the blue sky .
When I was in Okinawa , I could see the clouds different .
When I was in Okinawa , I could see the clouds differently .
They looked like raised in the sky .
They looked like they were raised in the sky .
Especially at night , they were ethereal .
The sparse raised clouds in the sky amplified the uncanny atmospher with twinkling stars .
The sparsely raised clouds in the sky amplified the uncanny atmosphere with twinkling stars .
It seems like to me that nature was defferent from those of big cities such as Tokyo .
It seems to me that nature there was different from that of big cities such as Tokyo .
Of course , Okinawa is not urbane .
Therefore our eyes were naturally riveted on the indigenous nature .
Therefore our eyes were naturally riveted on its indigenous nature .
The ruthless sunbeam ripened the fruits .
Even after soaking in the sea , the sunbeam promptly evaporated our soggy wears .
Even after soaking in the sea , the sunbeam promptly evaporated the water from our soggy clothes .
And its original culture enriched harmony between human and nature .
And its original culture enriches harmony between human and nature .
Okinawa has some remote isles aroud it .
Okinawa has some remote isles around it .
And I found myself to look at a carriage towed by a water buffallo at one of the isles .
And I found myself looking at a carriage towed by a water buffalo at one of the isles .
A man on the carriage was playing a instramental unique to okinawa with singing Okinawa songs .
A man on the carriage was playing music unique to Okinawa , which is commonly sung in Okinawa songs .

Hi everybody ! ! !
I have just maken a decision to participate in international exchange .
I have just mademy mind to participate in international exchange .
I would like to travel and work in America next summer .
I know my spoken english is not well that 's why I 'm on here : ) will be great to find somebody who knows english very well and wants to learn russian .
I know my spoken english is not well , so that 's why I 'm here : ) It will be great to find somebody who knows english very well and wants to learn russian .
We would be useful each other ! : )

February is too short .
Tomorrow is March .
I will have to attend two graduation ceremonies this week .

Social trends
I think that social trends in Japan seem to be getting worse .
For example , the number of the heinous crimes like homicides has been increasing and it 's been getting more difficult to get a job recently .
For example , the number of the heinous crimes like homicides has been increasing , and it 's been getting / becoming more difficult to get a job recently .
Not to mention , economic crisis is still continuing , which led to many bankruptcies .
Not to mention , the economic crisis is still continuing , which has led to many bankruptcies .
In my opinion , one of the worst social trends is that some parents do n't take care of their children .
There are even several abuses by a parent .
There are even several cases of abuse by a parent .
In other words , they tend not to be responsible for their children .
One of the reasons is the fact that more mothers get to go to work now than before .
One of the reasons is the fact that more mothers need to go to work now than before . See note .
That 's why they do n't have enough time to look after their children .
So , many children are n't sure how to relate to their parents .
As a result , they have difficulty developing a good relationship with their friends .
In the future , I 'm sure human relations will be weaker than now .
In the future , I 'm sure human relations will be weaker than they are now .
In the future , I 'm sure human relations will be weaker than they are now .
Whatever should I do to make social trends better ?

The earthquake in Japan
The gigantic earthquake has struck Tohoku district in Japan yesterday .
A gigantic earthquake struck Tohoku district in Japan yesterday .
I did n't felt it at where I 'm living .
I did n't feel it at where I 'm living .
I did n't feel it where I 'm living .
At first , I could n't believe what I was sawing on TV .
At first , I could n't believe what I was seeing on TV .
Tsunami was sweeping out countless cars and houses .
The tsunami was sweeping out countless cars and houses .
Although I have some relatives in Tohoku district , I ca n't get touch with them .
Although I have some relatives in Tohoku district , I ca n't get in touch with them .
I 'm very worried about their conditions .

20 years old
Many of member of my class will become 20 years old .
Many members of my class will turn 20 years old soon .
If we become 20 years old , we can drink alcohol and smoke in Japan .
When we become 20 years old , we can drink alcohol and smoke in Japan .
my friends wants to drink alcohol .
But I do n't want to drink it .

Emergency phrases
Sometimes I 'm confusing and I ca n't manage to reply questions in English .
Sometimes I 'm confusing and I ca n't manage to reply to questions in English .
Sometimes I 'm confused and I ca n't manage to reply questions in English .
Sometimes when I 'm confusing , I ca n't manage to reply to questions in English .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose right words .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose the right words .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose the right words .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose the right words .
Could you tell me what phrases are useful for this situation ?
Emergency phrases I can use are :
Well . . .
Let me see . . .
Could you tell me what . . . means ?
I ca n't follow you .
Could you please repeat that again ?

Yotaro ( Sitcom )
The rain poured suddenly .
The old master living in this house thought , `` Beacuse of this sudden rain , many people will come to borrow umbrellas . ``
The old master living in this house thought , `` Because of this sudden rain , many people will come to borrow umbrellas . ``
He called Yotaro and said to him , `` When I 'm in front of the house , I ca n't help lending umbrellas as a master .
But if I lend umbrellas one after another , however many I may have I ca n't have enough .
But if I lend umbrellas one after another , however many I may have , it wo n't be enough .
So you receive visitors and refuse to lend ones . `` And he went into a room .
So you receive visitors and refuse to lend umbrellas to them . `` And he went into a room .
Then Tokusuke , who lived in the next town , ran in and said , `` Could you please lend an umbrella . ``
Tokusuke , who lived in the next town , ran in and said , `` Could you please lend an umbrella ? ``
Yotaro answered straight , `` If I lend umbrellas whenever I am asked , however many I may have I ca n't have enough .
Yotaro answered straight , `` If I lend umbrellas whenever I am asked , however many I may have , it wo n't be enough .
I wo n't lend you .
I wo n't lend you one .
Go home ! `` and drove him back .
The old master heard him and said , `` No , Yotaro !
You are too unfriendly .
Be more polite .
For example , say ' I have umbrellas but their bones and skin fell apart .
I have them on the corner of the shelf . `` Understand ? ``
I have them on the corner of the shelf . ' Understand ? ``
`` Yes , sir . `` said Yotaro .
After a while , the man living in the next door came in and said , `` I 'm troubled as there are many mice in my house recently .
Please lend your cat . ``
Please lend me your cat . ``
Then Yotaro answered , `` It 's an easy task , but the cat 's bones and skin fell apart and I have it on the corner of the shelf . ``
The man was amazed to hear him , and went home .
The man was surprised to hear this , and went home .
The old master heard him and came up again .
He said , `` That 's your trouble .
In that case you must say ' The cat scatters dung recently , so I have it bound to the storeroom in the backyard . ' DO YOU UNDERSTAND ? ``
After a while again , the master living on the street came in and said , `` Excuse me .
After another short while , the master living on the street came in and said , `` Excuse me .
I have things to talk with your master . ``
I have things to discuss with your master . ``
Then Yotaro said enthusiastically , `` Yes .
But the master scatters dung recently , so I have him bound to the storeroom in the backyard .
I 'm very sorry I ca n't help you . ``

Hello , everybody !
I 'm so excited and also nevouse today , because this is the first time to lod on Lang - 8 , and why I 'm nevouse is that my English is not very good , I ca n't speak with a foreigner even speak with my classmates .
I 'm so excited and also nervous today , because this is the first time that I logged on to Lang - 8 , and that is why I 'm nervous . My English is not very good I ca n't speak with a foreigner and I ca n't even speak with my classmates .
The purpuse I apply for this account is that I want to improvemy English and I want to make more friends with people from all over the world .
The purpose of applying for this account is because I want to improve my English and I want to make more friends with people from all over the world .
I know there are many diffirences between the eastern and the western culcure , I also want to learn about it .
I know there are many differences between the eastern and the western culture . I also want to learn about it .
So , I hope you can help me , and I 'll be very happy if I can be you friends .
So , I hope you can help me , and I 'll be very happy if I can be your friend .
Ah , I like humman b - box very much , if some one who has the same hobby as I have , we can communicat with each other .
Ah . I like humman b - box very much . If someone who has the same hobby as I have , we can communicate with each other .
I am very thankful to Lang - 8 giving us a communicaton platform .
I am very thankful to Lang - 8 for giving us a communicaton platform .
It 's so great !

Is he dead or alive ?
Are they dead or alive ?
Osama bin laden
Osama bin Laden
Kim Jong - il
As far as I guess , 1 . is still alive , 2 . is already dead or hopefully died .
What do you think ?

Start Studying English Again
Long time no update .
Things have been hectic and I was lazy . . .
I started my new English class this month .
I 'm taking night classes after work at public school .
I 'm taking night classes after work in a public school .
Course hours are Monday through Thursday , 6 : 45 - 9 p . m . and will last until the end of March .
For now , I enrolled it for this 3 months .
For now , I enrolled for the next three months .
After this session , I 'll consider whether I should keep up the class or not .
After this session , I 'll consider whether I should keep up with the class or not .
The class is OK so far , it 's not difficult .
The class is OK so far ; it 's not difficult .
To be honest , it 's a little easy for me and there are many students than I thought .
It would be ideal if the fewer students are .
You know , small - group discussion is very beneficial .
But I 'm going to try to enjoy myself as much as possible anyway !

Divine word
I went to temple today wtih my friend , Dora .
I went to a temple today with my friend , Dora .
And both of us got the divine word , which were really bad .
Both of us got really bad fortunes .
Although I told to her that `` Just forget about it , it does n't matter `` .
Although I told her `` Just forget about it , it does n't matter `` ,
I think deep inside my heart . .
I am still quite superstitious . > <
I ask about both love and study .
I asked about both love and study ,
And the divine word said that `` Do n't go forward . . .
and the fortune said `` Do n't go forward . . .
bla bla bla `` > <
That 's really aukward .
That 's really awkward .

I ca n't hate my cousin no matter what happens
I ca n't hate my cousin no matter what happens .
There are a lot of stories about my cousin .
As you know , I have been living in Australia for 15 months .
a few months ago I got an idea that how about bring my cousin here .
A few months ago , I got an idea about how to bring my cousin here .
He was selling clothes in Korea .
He stopped his work and came to Australia because I called him .
I just thought if he came here it would be good for him .
you know , Speaking English is also important in korea .
You know , speaking English is also important in Korea .
actually we do n't speak English in our country .
Actually , we do n't speak English in our country .
but , when we try to get a job , we will be in a test about English .
But , when we try to get a job , we will be tested in English .
So if I want to be greater than now , I have to learn it .
anyway , when he just came here he had n't got his car so he used to burrow my car .
Anyway , when he first came here he had n't got his own car , so he used to borrow my car .
sometimes he wanted to drive my car when we go somewhere together .
Sometimes he wanted to drive my car when we went somewhere together .
the problem was he was suck at driving .
he nearly killed me three times .
He nearly killed me three times .
for example , we were on the highway he was driving 110km .
For example , when we were on the highway , he was driving at 110km .
but he did n't watch in front of the car he was interested in some cows which are out of the highway .
But he did n't watch the road , as he was interested in some cows which were on the side of the highway .
and he crossed the middle line .
He crossed the middle line .
at that time a car was coming from opposite lane .
At that time , a car was coming in the opposite lane .
but , he did n't know that til I screamed out .
But , he did n't know that until I screamed out .
it was too dangerous .
It was too dangerous .
there are even more stories I can say .
There are even more stories I can tell .
I think I already said to much .
I think I have already said too much .
we will talk about this later again
We will talk about this again later .

Middle daughter
Our middle daughter was crying when she fell asleep yesterday .
Our middle daughter was crying when we tried to put her in bed yesterday .
She said `` I do n't like to sleep alone ! `` .
My wife or I need to take care of our youngest daughter , so she sometimes has to sleep alone .
Either my wife or I need to take care of our youngest daughter , so she sometimes has to sleep alone .
When she was crying , I just finished putting our youngest daughter to sleep , so I could come to her and take care of her .
While she was crying , I just finished putting our youngest daughter to bed then I took care of her .
I decided that we will sleep with her in the same room .
I think she 's too young to sleep with our eldest daughter .

I have a seminar today !
I will present a solution for a problem in a text !
I will present a solution for a problem in the textbook !
But the problem is difficult for me !
However , the problem is difficult for me !
Because this text is almost always used for who is in master course and more .
I have to try my best .
Because I will write a paper in math for graduation thesis and master 's thesis .
If I can and have a extra time , I want to write it in English !
Now I worry about what I want to do in my future , so I am depressed and concentrate on studying !
Recently , I 've been worriedabout what I want to do in my future , so I am depressed and have been just concentrating on studying !
My present worry is what kind of jobs is suitable for me .
My present worry is about what kind of jobs are suitable for me .
I noticed recently that I do n't like studying alone , so researcher and professor seems unsuitable for me .
I noticed recently that I do n't like studying alone , so being a researcher or professor seems unsuitable for me .
So I will work in a big name maker and make a planing for new product .
So I will work in a big name maker ( large company ? ) and make plans for new products .
Or I will work in a bank because I have a skill for math and maybe use it .
Or maybe I will work in a bank because I have a skill for math and could use it .
However I have much time for decision , so I have to do what I have to do now .
However I have much time to make a decision , so I have focus what I have to do now .
Time is running !
Time is running out !
So I try my best to do what I can do now !
So I will try my best to do what I can do now !

Practise and practise !
I am a student in university . I am 21 . I want to practise my English .
I am a unviersity student . I am 21 years old . I want to practice my English .
So anyone who wants to learn Chinese or can help me in my English level may add ICQ number 437346934 or msn merny _ ting @ hotmail . com . Thanks ~
So anyone who wants to learn Chinese or can help me in my English may add ICQ number 437346934 or my MSN merny _ ting @ hotmail . com . Thanks ~

I want to debate about facebook .
Becouse I have concern it recently .
Almost all Peoples said `` It 's very useful and exquisite ! ``
Almost all People said `` It 's very useful and exquisite ! ``
On the contrary , some people do n't like it .
So I will exert to understand it .
So I will exert effort in order to understand it .
My fasebook lifeoriginated me from today .
My fasebook journey starts today .

Why people attend to college or university
In my opinion , attending college can not only increase our knowledge , but also improve our survival experience .
I 'll be a colledge student after this summer holiday , which make me excited , full of proud and hopeful .
I 'll be a college student after this summer holiday , which make me excited , full of pride and hopeful / hope .
Absolutely , college life is a career preparation .
College life is also preparation for future careers .
When you are in university you can learn how to comunicate with others , orgernize a activity to promote the friendship among the students .
Although there are somebody think that attend to college just finish what their parents hope and get the diploma , I think waste the time in college to play computer and so on is not a smart idea .
Although there are people who attend college just to fulfill their parents ' wish and get the diploma , I think that wasting time in college to play computer and so on is not a smart idea .
Learning and practicing the skill which we need in the future is the most essential things
Learning and practicing the skills which we will need in the future is essential
What we think of our future should be planned and take shape in the college .
All of us wanna have a happiness life and a favourite career with high income , so most of us want to attend to college to realize our dream .
All of us wanna have a happy life and a good career with high income , so most of us want to attend to college to realize our dream .
Therefore we should grasp every second in the college .
Therefore we should grasp every second in college .

Thank you so much , Friends from Japan
First , I 'm sorry my poor English .
First , I 'm sorry for my poor English .
As you know Japan had the huge earthquake .
We have been gave huge support many countries .
We have been given huge support by many countries .
I would like to say thanks for friends in the world .
Thank you so much for your huge support ! !
Thank you so much for your praying ! !
Thank you so much for your warm - hearted ! !
Thank you so much for your warm - heartedness ! !
Thank you so much ! ! ! ! ! !
We do not never give up ! !
I love you , Friends ! !
I love you , friends ! !
Fortunately I did n't meet huge shaking .
Fortunately I did n't feel the huge shaking .
Do n't worry , I 'm fine .

Keep ~ ! ! ! keep ~ ~ ! ! !
Keep going ~ ! ! ! Keep going ~ ~ ! ! !
Where there is will , there is a way !
Where there is a will , there is a way !
From now on , I decide to remeber some English vocabulary everyday .
From now on , I 've decided to memorize some English words every day .
I think the vocabulary is the base of English .
I think that vocabulary is the base of English .

London 29
I had been studied English at school in Japan since I was in a junior - high school till university , otherwise I ca n't speak English fluently .
I had been studying English at school in Japan since I was in junior - high school until now , in university , but I still ca n't speak English fluently .
I have studied English at school in Japan since I was in a junior - high school till university , but I ca n't speak English fluently .
It has been said Japanese education 's serious problem for a long time , and it was made by English teachers .
It has been said that Japanese education 's serious problem for a long time , and it was made by English teachers .
Because most of Japanese school 's English teachers ca n't speak English fluently , so they ca n't teach English like a native speaker .
Because most of Japanese school 's English teachers ca n't speak English fluently , they ca n't teach English like a native speaker .
Because most of Japanese school 's English teachers ca n't speak English fluently , they ca n't teach English like a native speaker .
Of course they has a good skill for teaching , but I think the most important aspect of English education is how to make a communication , because language is tool communication .
Of course they have good teaching skill , but I think the most important aspect of English education is how to communicate , because language is tool communication .
Of course they have a good skill for teaching , but I think the most important aspect of English education is how to communicate , because language is tool of communication .
Even though Japanese students have been studying English for 6 or 10 years is school , they ca n't make a good relationship between foreigners for the sake of lack of speaking skill .
Even though Japanese students have been studying English for 6 or 10 years is school , they ca n't form good relationships with foreigners for the lack of speaking skill .
Japanese government have encouraged to improve English teacher 's training for decade .
The Japanese government has been encouraged to improve English teacher 's training for decade .
Japanese government has encouraged the improvement of English teacher 's training for a decade .
The ministry of education have been trying to employ foreigner English teacher instead of Japanese teachers for raise a English education 's quality , otherwise it was hardly function in Japan .
The ministry of education have been trying to employ foreigner English teachers instead of Japanese teachers for raise a English education 's quality , otherwise it was hardly functional in Japan .
The ministry of education has been trying to employ foreign English teachers instead of Japanese teachers to raise English education 's quality , otherwise it was hardly function in Japan .

nobody knows ; - (
I go to beauty salaon to change hair color .
I went to the beauty salon to change my hair color .
my hair became bright and I like my new color .
My hair became bright and I like my new color .
but every my friend , even my familiy
But all my friends , even my family
did n't notice my hair color is changed .
Oh my god . . .
I do part time job at supermarket .
I have a part time job at a supermarket .
yesterday , I got a high salary than I thought .
Yesterday , I got a higher salary than I expected .
it makes me happy but I want to earn more money .
It makes me happy but I want to earn more money .
I want to travel Australia to see my friend .
I want to travel to Australia to see my friend .
I want to go abroad !
I want to go abroad !
CU * : )

a muscle ache
I have a muscle ache since I went 10km jogging yesterday .
I have a muscle ache since I went on a 10km jog yesterday .
I should n't have tried to overdo : - (
I should n't have tried overdoing it : - (

I live in Tokyo .
Yesterday 's weather is cloud and snow .
Yesterday 's weather was cloudy and snowy .
I went to cafe with my frend .
I went to a cafe with my frend .
I eat dericious cake and drink tea .
I ate a delicious cake and drank tea .
I like sweets .
My dream is to eat a lot of famous sweets .

Her remarks
S Secretary of State Clinton visited Japan .
S Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Japan lately .
When I was watching the piece of news , I noticed a certain thing .
While I was watching the news piece , I noticed a certain thing .
It was that her speaking was clear and easy to catch .
I know , of course , she seemed to try to speak clearly and slowly so the audience could comprehend what she meant or wanted to say . . .
I know , of course , that she was trying to speak clearly and slowly so the audience could comprehend what she meant or wanted to say . . .
To improve listening skill , her speaking may be a good substitutive text book .
Her speech may be a good substitute for a text book to improve our listening skills
To improve my listening skills , her speeches may be a good substitute for a text book .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
As for `` To improve listening skill , her speaking may be a good substitutive text book . `` , does it sound unnatural ?
`` Her speaking may be helpful for English learners to improve their listening skills `` ( Is it much better ? )

Today is my birthday !
This is the third time I 've written : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I became 21 ! uu . . .
I am no longer young . . .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and a message card for me .
The card said to keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good day .
Touched !
What a good friend she is ! !
I swear to myself that I will also make her happy in her birthday as well .
original - - - - - - - - - - - - -
4
This is the third time writing : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I became 21 age !
This is the third time I 've writen : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I am 21 !
This is the third time I 've writen : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I am 21 !
This is the third time I 've written : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I 'm 21 ! ( minor change )
This is the third time writing : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I became 21 years old !
I am no longer young . . .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and message card for me .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and a message card for me .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and a message card for me .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and message for me .
The card said that keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good days .
The card said that keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good day .
The card said to keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good days .
Touched !
What a good friend she is ! !
I swear myself that I will also make her happy in her birthday .
I swear to myself that I will also make her happy in her birthday as well .

I 've live in Tokyo since for a long time .
I 've lived in Tokyo for a long time .
I have a question , if you go to Tokyo , where would you recommend to go ?
I have a question , if you went to Tokyo , where would you recommend to go ?
I live in Tokyo but I do n't know where good places are .
Thank you ^ ^

I 'm very tired and sleepy cuz I slept only 3hours last night .
I 'm very tired and sleepy cuz I only slept 3hours last night .
I always sleep 9hours a day so this is very short for me .
I just finished class and next lesson will start after 4hours .
I just finished class and the next lesson will start in 4hours .
until the class start I may sleep but I have to study traffic rules to pass the exam . . . . .
I may sleep until the class starts but I have to study traffic rules to pass the exam . . . . .
recently there are no change in my life .
recently there has n't been any change in my life .
I want to go drinking , play dancing , tennis and many other thing .
I want to go drinking , dancing , play tennis and many other things .
next month I will work at Kanagawa prefectture so I have to move my location from Shizuoka prefecture to Kanagawa prefecture to work .
moving my location is troublesome for me .
moving is troublesome for me .
but it seems fun to live the place where I 've never been to .
but it seems fun to live in a place where I 've never been .
anyway I have many things to have to do .
anyway , I have many things I have to do .
first of all I try to go to bed .
first of all I will try to go to bed .

today . . .
Today was extremly nice day .
Today was an extremely nice day .
Today was a very nice day .
sunshine and weather likes spring .
There was sunshine and the weather was like spring .
There was a sunshine and the weather was like in spring .
I really want to hang out with my friends but I did n't .
I really wanted to hang out with my friends but I didn ' t
Because of yesterday during play baseball in my baseball team ,
Because yesterday when I was playing baseball with my baseball team ,
Because yesterday when I was playing baseball with my baseball team ,
I hit my face against other side team player .
I hit my face against the other team 's player .
I hit my face against another team player 's face .
I was really hurt .
I was really hurt ,
and I get a black eyes .
and I got a black eye .
I did n't want to show my face another peoples .
I did n't want to show my face to other people .
So I was study English and watching `` LOST `` ( American Drama ) in my home .
So I was studyig English and watching `` LOST `` ( American Drama ) in my home .
So I was studying English and watching `` LOST `` ( American Drama ) at the same time in my home .
Then I did `` YOGA `` with my mom
Despite I did n't hang out with my friends , I was happy
Despite the fact that I did n't hang out with my friends , I was happy
Even if I did n't hang out with my friends , I was happy

Part Time Job
I had a job interview with a clothing company this afternoon .
I was so nervous from start to finish that my face got drenched with perspiration ( I must 've looked uglier than usual . . . ) and some questions I had prepared for the interview slipped my mind .
I was so nervous from start to finish that my face was ( or became ) drenched with perspiration ( I must 've looked uglier than usual . . . ) and some questions I had prepared for the interview slipped my mind .
I could have done better .
On my way home , I was already begining to give up on the job and decided to go to the Employment Service Agency tomorrow .
On my way home , I was already beginning to give up on the job and decided to go to the Employment Service Agency tomorrow .
However , I got a phone call from that company this evening .
The interviewer rang me to offer a part - time job to me !
Although what I desperately want now is a full - time job , I opted to accept the offer straight away .
Although what I desperately want now is a full - time job , I opted to accept the offer right away .
I need to make a living after all .
After all , I need to make a living .
Anyway , working part - time for a two month period of probation , the company will see if I 'm suitable for the position .
Anyway , after working part - time for a two month period of probation , the company will see if I 'm suitable for the position .
Anyway , after working part - time for a two month probation period , the company will see if I 'm suitable for the position .
So , from now on , I have got to learn a lot of technical terms for clothing to translate the company 's web site and documents and so forth into English .
So , from now on , I have to learn a lot of technical terms for clothing to translate the company 's web site and documents and so forth into English .
QUESTION !
Would anybody tell me any helpful web sites to learn about the terms ?
Could anybody tell me any helpful web sites to learn about these terms ?

my trouble about english learning
my trouble with learning English
Using spare time , I have been stduying english in an international english school since Dec , 2007 .
With my spare time , I have been studying english at an international english school since Dec , 2007 .
but to my disappointment , so far I found I have not had any obvious progress especially my listening skill and ora .
but to my disappointment , I have found that I have not made any obvious progress , especially with my listening and oral skills .
l skill .
though now I can read some english articles and write some simple mails in english , it is still very difficult for me to communicate with foreigners in english .
although I can read some english articles and write some simple e - mails in english now , it is still very difficult for me to communicate with foreigners in english .
how to improve my english listening level in a short term ?
howcan I improve my english listening level in a shortamount of time ?
who would like to give me some useful advices ?
who would like to give me some useful advice ?

Who is Noda ?
Noda is the 6th Japanese prime minister after Koizumi .
You may be unable to memorize Japanese prime ministers ' names because there are too many names .
Today , when I surfed websites , I found a journal .
Today , when I were surfing internet , I found this journal .
Today , while I was surfing the internet , I found this journal .
I am going to translate this .
I am going to translate it . ( more natural )
He graduated from a high school which I graduated from .
He graduated from the high school which I graduated from .
But , he does n't probably know me .
I know that he often made a speech in front of a train station .
In the general election in 2005 , the Democratic Party of Japan was devastated by the Japanese prime minister Koizumi .
In the Southern Kanto , there were only two DPJ statesman who could retain their seats in constituencies , Kan Naoto of Musashino City of Tokyo and Noda Yoshihiko of Funabashi City of Chiba .
In the Southern Kanto , there were only two DPJ statesmen who could retain their seats in constituencies , Kan Naoto of Musashino City of Tokyo and Noda Yoshihiko of Funabashi City of Chiba .
This is a reason why he was considered as a new leader of DPJ .
This is the reason why he was considered as a new leader of DPJ .
My nearest railway station is located in the border between Funabashi and Narashino Cities .
My nearest railway station located on the border of Funabashi and Narashino Cities .
The railway station nearest to me is located on the border between Funabashi and Narashino Cities .
Many statesman are seen frequently there , and Noda often speaks to voters at the station in mornings .
Many statesman frequently appears there , and Noda often speaks to voters at the station in the morning .
Many statesmen can be frequently seen there , and Noda often speaks to voters at the station in mornings .
I always voted for him in elections , but I know nothing about his policies , because he say nothing about them .
I have always voted for him in elections , but I know nothing about his policies , because he says nothing about them .
Noda likes to speak to voters , but he does n't like to talk about his policies .
`` Good morning , everybody !
Have a nice day ! ``
He says only that .
He learned politics in a famous university , so he certainly has a lot of policies .
He studied politics at a famous university , so he certainly has a lot of policies .
However , he does n't show voters his policies clearly , because policies make enemies .
However , he does n't show his policies clearly to the voters , because policies make enemies .
He seems to be always treated as a friendly man .
He eagerly works for voters , but obviously , he does n't like talk about ideological matters .
He is eager to help voters , but obviously , he does n't like talk about ideological matters .
( Generally speaking , statesmen of left - wing like to talk about ideological matters , so , Noda is a rare figure . )
There are filled with ideological fights in the Japanese politics , so he may be able to solve problems .
He is always neutral , so he may be able to show us a road from political chaos .
I went to my English class .
I went to my English class .
Our company is had a get - together today .
Our company held a get - together today .
Our company is held a get - together today .
Our company is held a get - together today .
We ate ribs of pork .
We ate pork ribs .
We ate pork ribs .
We ate pork ribs .
It 's delicious .
They were delicious .
They were delicious .
They were delicious .
I am going to sleep .
Now I am going to sleep .
Now I am going to sleep .

I start Lang - 8
I just joined Lang - 8
heyheyhey !
I Start lang 8 XD
I just joined Lang 8 XD
I do n't know what I write to this .
I do n't know what to write here .
But I trying .
But I 'm trying .
everybody , Please help me when I need .
Everybody , please help me .

I wish Winter coming faster . . ^ ^
I wish Winter would come faster . . ^ ^
Last year I started learing snow board .
Last year I started learning snow boarding .
In my life for first time go to a sking ground .
It was the first time in my life to go to a skiing ground .
At the start just ski but time pass 2 hour not interest .
At first I just skiied , but 2 hours passed and I became uninterested .
Change snow board really fantastic .
Changing to a snow board was really fantastic .
Take a ski learn 1hour just o . k , But snowboard is very very difficult . and very interested .
Taking a ski lesson for 1hour was o . k , but snowboarding was ( both ) very , very difficult and very interesting .
For the first time I buy equipment .
For the first time I bought equipment .
In this time so hot weather I really miss winter .
The weather has been so hot that I really miss winter ,
Everything become to white .
when everything becomes white .

Never give up .
I 've changed jobs three times .
It was not so common here in Japan to change a job at least 20 years ago .
It was not so common here in Japan to change jobs about 20 years ago .
My first changing was that time .
My first job - change was at that time .
As an engineer , I just wanted to get various skills .
However , to tell the truth , I easily wanted to escape from difficult problems .
However , to tell the truth , I wanted an easy way to escape from difficult problems .
When I face to such problems , I strongly feel that it 's a wasting time to keep on .
When I had to face such problems , I strongly felt that it was a waste of time to keep trying .
This bad habit still often comes to me , not only for jobs but also for learning a language .
I 'm apt to hope the great results would come .
I 'm apt to hope that great results would come .
It 's natural .
But great achievements are originally not obtained easily .
But great achievements are not ( often ) obtained easily .
As anyone 's success is shining brightly , I just can find it .
If someone 's success is shining brightly , I can just see it .
To accomplish their great achievements , they must have kept on working .
It 's a simple way , but difficult for me .
It sounds like a simple thing , but it 's difficult for me .
When I think it 's impossible to the difficult problem , it might turn out to be true .
When I think that solving a difficult problem will be impossible , it will probably turn out to be true .
But without doing it , I ca n't get nothing .
I should quit worrying about the great failure and I should keep on doing once if I have started it .
I should quit worrying about whether or not I might fail and just keep on doing it once if I have started .
It 's really tough .

NO . 9 the best way to improve the quality of education is to increase teacher 's salaries
Some hold the view that it is do not need to incrase teacher 's salaries in order to the quality of education , because they firmly believe that the major part of student education is the students themselves .
Some hold the view that it is not needed to increase teachers ' salaries in order to improve the quality of education , because they firmly believe that a major part of students ' education is the students themselves .
However , from my every day experience and observation I can state several factors to defend the statement that increase teacher 's salaries can improve the quality of education .
However , from my everyday experience and observation , I can state several factors to defend the statement that increasing teachers ' salaries can improve the quality of education .
First , a well paid occupation can attract many people to be a teacher , it follows that many people with doctorate willing to be a professor in universities .
First , a well paid occupation can attract many people to be a teacher . It follows that many people with a doctorate are willing to be a professor in universities .
It is no doubt that a doctor have more sophisticated eucational skills than a graduate since he have more study and teacher experiences .
There is no doubt that a doctor has more sophisticated eucational skills than a graduate since he had more studies and teaching experiences .
For example , my school is just a average college , but it offer the teacher with a high salary .
For example , my school is just an average college , but it offers the teachers a high salary .
In this case , the teachers inculding professors and teaching assistants are almost have a or two doctorate .
In this case , the teachers inculding professors and teaching assistants mostly have a doctorate or two .
And thus the quality of education in our university are improve sharply , as well as with a good reputation .
And thus the quality of education in our university improve sharply , as well as our good reputation .
Of course , our students all appreciate it .
Second , increase the teacher 's salary can imspire them to do their best .
Second , increasing the teacher 's salary can inspire them to do their best .
It is the same reason just like any boss increasing a employee 's salary .
It is the same as a boss increasing an employee 's salary .
The teachers , are the ones that want to keep their salary in a stable stuation , must satisfy their students and the dean .
The teachers are the ones that want to keep their salary in a stable stuation , and must satisfy their students and the dean .
The need to prepare their course in careful , introduce new and interesting methods to educate students .
The need to prepare their course carefully and introduce new and interesting methods to educate students .
In a word , incresing the teacher 's salaries is the best way to improve the quality of education .
In a word , increasing the teachers ' salaries is the best way to improve the quality of education .
Because many qualitied people will want to become teachers with a high salary and imspire them to do best .
Because many qualified people will want to become teachers with a high salary and inspire them to do their best .

( Modified )
My latest TOEIC score is 530 .
Hmm . . .
My socre has n't been improving much recently . . .
I do n't study English solely for the purpose of getting a high score , so I was n't prepared for the exam .
But I am getting frustrated .
So I will be more responsible and prepare for the exam next time .

Little bit about my self
My name is Nami .
This name was given by my sister in FL .
I work as PR for baby close company .
I work for a baby cloth company as PR .
I used to lived in FL and LA for foreign student .
I used to live in FL and LA as foreign student .
For these day , I do n't have chance to speak and write in English , so this will be good opportunity to keep the skill for me .
Recently or Nowadays , I do n't have chance to speak and write in English , so this will be good opportunity to keep the skill for me .
I hope everyone will see this and correct it .
I hope everyone see this and correct this .

Day off on weekday
Most of Japanese domestic Comanies have the five - day workweek system , and the holidays are Saturday and Sunday .
Most of Japanese domestic Companies have the five - day workweek system , and the holidays are Saturday and Sunday .
However , every Wednesday is day off for me , because I am in service industry now .
This fact has both good and bad points .
The good point is that everywhere I go is not so many people .
The good point is that everywhere I go are not so many people .
For example , trains , supermarkets , amusement parks and so on .
This Wednesday I went to a museum .
Surprisingly , there no people but me !
I could watch things in there as I like ( * I mean `` slowly `` , or `` carefully `` ) .
The Bad point , However , is that I have an work on Saturday .
The Bad point , However , is that I have a work on Saturday .
Most of my friends has day offs on Saturday and Sunday ,
Most of my friends have day offs on Saturday and Sunday ,
and they like to hold kinds of parties on Saturday
rather than Sunday off course .
I am supposed to cancel them many times .
It is unhappy for me and my friends too .
Eventually , I ca n't dicide whether this lifestyle is good for me or not .

Korean BBQ ! !
Have you ever been to Korea before ? ?
If you live in Asian countries , it 'd be easier to trip to Korea than those who does n't live in Asia .
If you live in an Asian countries , it 's easier to take a trip to Korea than those who do n't live in Asia .
Well . . . here in Japan , travelling to Korea has been becoming popular
each year !
It 's actually been said that trip to Korea is cheaper than domestic one .
It 's actually been said that a trip to Korea is cheaper than a domestic one .
But here 's the thing !
If you only want to enjoy nice Korean foods , you not nesesarily have to go to Korea .
If you only want to enjoy nice Korean foods , you do not necessarily have to go to Korea .
Because there 's always been so - called Korean town in Tokyo ! !
Because there 's always been a so - called Korean town in Tokyo ! !
LOL It 's like real korean foods though it 's a bit arranged for Japanese taste !
I went to Korean town and had really nice Korean BBQ tonite with my colleages which reminded me of visiting Korea for about two years ago !
I went to Korean town and had a really nice Korean BBQ tonight with my colleagues , which reminded me of visiting Korea about two years ago !
Basically I like Korean foods !
LOL Well . . . . who does n't ? you ? ? lol
We had whole bunch of foods there which made me feel happy !
Well . . . people always feel happy when they eat what they like , do n't they ? haha
Anyway , we all enjoyed foods there and I want to come back Korean town to explore more nice korean foods there ! lol

This morning I was late to work .
Yesterday I was too tired and went to bed early .
Yesterday , I was so tired and went to bed early .
But because a friend send me a SMS told me he was sick .
But because a friend sent me an SMS telling me he was sick
I was worry about him and can not sleep well .
I was worried about him and could not sleep well .
I was so worried about him that I could not sleep well .
Ah , hope that he will feel better soon .
Ah , hope that he will feel better soon .

not complain
Yesterday , I read a Japanese comic book ( MANGA ) the title is `` GAKU `` .
Yesterday , I read a Japanese comic book ( MANGA ) called `` GAKU `` .
`` GAKU `` is a story of mountain rescue member his name is `` SANPO `` .
It 's a story of a mountain rescue team member named Sanpo .
`` SANPO `` is a very strong climber who had climbed many famous mountains in the world .
He is a very strong climber who had climbed many famous mountains in the world .
He has rescued many climbers and he stays Japanese mountains `` Kita - Alps `` now .
But his most advantage is kindness .
Furthermore , he is known for his kindness .
He has never scolded to carelessness climbers .
Sanpo would never scold at careless climbers .
On the contrary , he said to them `` You did your best .
Instead , he would tell them `` You did your best .
When you 'll be fine , let come back mountains again ! ``
Let 's come back to the mountains again once you 're cured ! ``
- - - - -
I argument with my wife because of small differences between us .
I argue with my wife because we have some differences between us .
I wish I want to be like him .
I wish I could be like him .

How do you encourage ?
Hi , I 'm an elementary school teacher .
I 'd like to encourage in English when my students do their homework .
I 'd like to encourage my students in English when they do their homework .
I know the short phrases like ' Well done ' ' Excellent ' ' Good job ' etc . . .
But I have no idea what to say when the students say ' It 's difficult for me to do ' or ' I have to do harder ' ,
What can ( should ) I say for them ?
What can ( should ) I say to them ?
I 'm very happy if you give me some ideas .
I would be very happy if you could give me some ideas .
Thank you .

My son has been sick .
My one and half year son is suffering from a disease named `` Hand - Foot - Mouth Disease `` .
Those who do n't know this disease may feel frighten just to hear , but it 's one of the skin diseases that children often suffer from .
Those who do n't know this disease may feel frightened just to hear about it , but it 's one of the skin diseases that children often suffer from .
This disease causes red rashes on hands , foots , a mouth and even on a ass .
This disease causes red rashes on the hands , feet , and mouth and even on the ass .
Sometimes it causes a fever .
My son 's case is terrible .
He got many rashes and a high fever .
He got many rashes and has a high fever .
Now he 's getting better , but I feel reall sorry to see my son 's body full of the rashes .
Now he 's getting better , but I feel really sorry to see my son 's body full of the rashes .
May he get well !
I want to touch the smooth skin again .

Nice to meet you !
This is my first diary on Lang - 8 .
So , let me introduce myself .
I 'm japanese .
I study English about 8 years ago .
I studied English about 8 years ago .
I like traveling , watching movies .
My favarite movie is `` The devil wear the PRADA ``
My favarite movie is `` The devil wears ( the ) PRADA ``
Today , I went to English school .
After that , I went shopping .
I bought a tea cup .
It 's so cute !
Tomorrow , I 'm going to hair cut .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to have my hair cut .
Thank you .
Good night .

adidasamsung ' s
Are these sentences correct ?
Is this sentence correct ?
Be simple , feel relax ( or take it easy ) , and have fun ( or enjoy ) !

Great music live last night
I went to music live last night at Billboard Live Tokyo .
Performers are Robert Glasper Experiment .
The Performer was Robert Glasper Experiment .
They are one of the most creative musicians in these days , making their original music based on Jazz and HipHop .
They are one of the most creative musicians these days . They make original music based on Jazz and HipHop .
I was really moved by their play , so I am looking forward to listening to their live music soon again .
I was really moved by their music , so I am looking forward to listening to their live music soon again .

I know this website from one of my friends ,
I learned about this website from one of my friends ,
she use this to improve her japanese , and also make friends .
She used this to improve her japanese , and also made friends .
she told me that I can practice english at here
She told me that I can practice english here
She told me that I can practice english on here .
my name is Una , I get trouble in english , I really want to improve it .
My name is Una , I have trouble in english , and I really want to improve it .
My name is Una . I have trouble with english , and I really want to improve it .
correcting my poor english will takes you a lots time , I hope you do n't mind .
Correcting my poor english will takes you lots time , I hope you do n't mind .
Correcting my poor english will probably take you a lot of time ; I hope you do n't mind .
Nice to meet you ! !

The cove ~ the justice in hunting the whale and dolphines ~
I watched NHK 's TV program which shows moving inside of fisherman for whales and dolphines after The cove were broadcasted all over the world .
It is true hunting whales is japanese tradishion .
It is true that hunting whales is japanese tradition .
I ate whale at school cafeteria first time last year .
To be honest , it was so delicous and unexpected for me !
It tasted like beaf with fat of pork and I want to eat it again if I can .
On the other side , I felt a little guilty .
It is definately affected from The cove .
Before seeing this movie , I would never feel like that because eating whale is japanese old custom and tradishion like french eat rabbits and flogs , escargos .
Before seeing this movie , I would never feel like that because eating whale is japanese old custom and tradition like french eat rabbits and frogs , escargos .
So it put shape impact on my heart by showing the scene fisherman hunt the whale .
Fisherman and their families are thankful for whale .
Fishermen and their families are thankful for whales .
And they prey for the whale and they have festival for apprecaite to the whale .
And they prey for the whale and they have a festival for apprecaite to the whale .
It is not easy for everyone to kill the ANY animal for eating , they hunt the whale with hard pain for their life , that is earning money .
It is not easy for everyone to kill ANY animal for eating , they hunt the whale with hard pain for their life , that is earning money .
They cover the blue seat above the sea not to show killing whales after the movie was broadcasted because they think the scene of die should not be shown like human being does n't show their face to all people when they die .
They cover the blue seat above the sea not to show killing whales after the movie was broadcasted because they think the scene of dieing should not be shown like human being does n't show their face to all people when they die .
Why is the whale picked up especially ?
Because they are cute or clever ? ?
Whale is same animal as pig and cow and fish .
It is same things given from nature .
And also , Japanese government restrict number of whales for hunting and size of it , only small kind of one .
Fisherman do n't break the any international law .
Fishermen do n't break any international law .
It is LEGAL .
I questiond about the attitude of Sea shepard to fisherman .
They called fisherman killer and blamed by dirty words like God damn you and you are the shame in Japan .
What right do Sea shepard have to critecize them personally .
What right do Sea shepard have to criticize them personally .
They should critesize the hunting to the whale in itself in right way .
They should critisize the hunting to the whale in itself in right way .
They just make fisherman angry by taking photos and videos with persistence and they get the scene fisherman is mad at them .
They just make fishermen angry by taking photos and videos with persistence and they get the scene fisherman is mad at them .
It is definately unfair .
It is definitely unfair .
What do you think about the hunting whale ? ?
What do you think about hunting whales ? ?

insecticide
In Japan there are not a few cockroach living .
In Japan , there lives quite a number of cockroaches .
They are so scary that even a sight of one makes me thirill .
They are so scary that even a sight of one makes me thrill .
3years ago not less than 4 cocroaches appeared in my room at the same time .
3years ago no less than 4 cockroaches appeared in my room at the same time .
I sprayed 2 bottles of incectiside to kill them .
My skin became itchy and tuned red .
My skin became itchy and turned red .
My throat got hurt .
Insecticide is strong .
The insecticide was too strong .

The most things I like
The things I like most
Risk and new things are the most things I like .
I like risks and new things .
New things always fascinated me .
New things always fascinate me .
Some people fear changes , but not me .
I think every changes have the reasons and sometimes , the changes help me grow up .
I think every changes have the reasons and sometimes , the changes help me grow up ( matures ) .
I like the risk because may be when I risk I can explore your own ability .
I like risks because risk brings out the best in oneself .
People change everyday and so do I , but I always try to adapt to changes whether it 's good or bad .
In my opinion , everyday is a new day with new things and new risks .
Trying , feeling , enjoying . . .
the life that you can see the life is wonderful .
the life that you see is wonderful .

I found this site in Nikkei evening news
This is very interesting .
This is the internet to make it possible to integrate human inteligence over the world .
This is the internet making it possible to integrate human intelligence all over the world .
However there are 2 people , who post the informations on the net and who use the information on the net .
However there are 2 people , those who post the information 's on the net and those who use the information on the net .
I think many are the last .
Myself included .
So I wonder who give the comment on this daialy .
So I wonder who will give the comment on this diary .

Today 's Topic
My youngest daughter woke me up and asked taking her down to the living room in the morning .
My youngest daughter woke me up and asked me to take her down to the living room this morning .
I wanted to sleep more , but I choose not to sleep again and did some work .
I wanted to sleep more , but I decided not to go back to sleep and do some work .
After that , I visited my father - in - law 's grave with my family .
There were many people in there because it 's Higan in Japan .
There were many people there because it 's Higan in Japan .
We ate late lunch at a restaurant near the station .
We ate a late lunch at a restaurant near the station .
When we went back home ; I was entering my house , my youngest daughter wanted to play at the garden in front of my house .
As we got back home and I was entering our house , my youngest daughter wanted to play in the garden out the front .
Therefore I weeded a garden while she was playing .
So I weeded the garden while she was playing .
It was a ordinary day , but I think I had a good day .
It was an ordinary day , but I still think it was a good one .

GnR Gig in Tokyo Dome
I went to Guns and Roses concert in Tokyo Dome last night .
I went to the Guns and Roses concert at the Tokyo Dome last night .
To be honest , the show was . . . . not really good .
The sound effect was messed up !
The sound system was messed up !
Probably , it is because of the seat area where I was .
Probably , it was because of the area where I was seated .
I guess the speaker system could not cover up to the area .
I guess the speaker system could not reach our area ( very ) well .
Also it seemed that Axl Rose could not sing very well .
I wonder if he had a bad voice condition .
In addition to , it was too cold in the venue and so on . . .
In addition to that , it was too cold in the venue and so on . . .
Anyway , I was happy to hear famous tunes from the past albums .
Anyway , I was happy to hear famous tunes from their past albums .
It was worth watching the show .
And I just appreciate them for coming to Japan : )

The English school
Today , I started to belong English school .
Today I joined an English school .
It 's style is that students talk to a teacher living in Philippines by skype phone ( IP telephone ) .
Its the kind where students talk to a teacher living in Philippines by Skype phone ( IP telephone ) .
It 's cost 5000 yen .
Its costs 5000 yen .
It 's very cheap compared with normal English school .
Its very cheap when compared to a normal English school .
I can hear the teacher 's voice clearly , but I think it is difficult to understand what a teacher said by only voice .
I can hear the teacher 's voice clearly , but it is difficult to understand what the teacher says when its only by voice .
I realized the human get many things by body language .
Tomorrow night I will try it again .

Presentation
My presentation was over yesterday .
I worked hard without much success , because the topic was too difficult and complicated to discribe .
I worked hard without much success , because the topic was too difficult and complicated to describe .
My work was about migration , using subtle numerical formulae .
The textbook quotes from a lot of papers one after another , so I really confused trying to make sense of the outline .
The textbook quoted from a lot of papers , so I was really confused trying to make sense of the outline .
I could n't be satisfied my presentation , I like drinking after every effort none the less ^ ^
I was n't satisfied my presentation though I like drinking after every effort none the less ^ ^
I want to do better work next time .
I want to do better next time .
Thank you !

Made reservations
A huge job hunting event will be held in this weekend at a large convention hall in Tokyo .
A huge job hunting event will be held this weekend at a large convention hall in Tokyo .
A huge job - hunting event will be held this weekend at a large convention hall in Tokyo .
I decided to participate in this event .
Tokyo is far from my hometown , though .
So I made reservations for a overnight bus and hotel .
So I made reservations for an overnight bus and hotel .
So I made reservations for an overnight bus and hotel .
I was too late to make reservations , so it was very difficult to find them , especially overnight bus .
I was too late to make reservations , so it was very difficult to find them , especially an overnight bus .
I was pretty late making the reservations , so it was very difficult to find openings , especially the overnight bus .
As for hotel , I 'll stay at a hotel which has hot springs .
As for a hotel , I 'll stay at a hotel which has hot springs .
As for the hotel , I 'll be staying at one that has hot springs .
However , I can stay there with reasonable price .
However , I can stay there at a reasonable price .
I 'm looking forward to visit there .
I 'm looking forward to visiting there .
I 'm looking forward to my stay there .
But finally I could find .
And I hope I 'll be able to get higher motivation through this event .
I hope I 'll be motivated through this event .
I hope I 'll be able to build up my motivation through this event .
Nice to meet you !
Today , I could n't explain a British why TOEIC is more famous than IELTS .
Today , I could n't explain a British person why TOEIC is more famous than IELTS .
I said `` TOEIC is main examination in Japan , so many shops have got a lot of TOEIC text book , a few IELTS . ``
I said `` TOEIC is the main examination in Japan , so many shops have got a lot of TOEIC text book , a only a few IELTS . ``
Does it make sense ?

This is my first time here .
I 'm really glad that I 've found this wonderful site .
I 've had difficulty especially in writing , because there were n't proper feedbacks on my writings .
I 've had difficulty , especially in writing because I have n't received proper feedback .
As I am not a native speaker of English , there must have lots of troubles which does n't make sense at all , or ungrammatical usage .
And I am also want to help the person who wish to learn Korean .
I also want to help people who wish to learn Korean .

18th Apr 2010
Hello ! Everybody !
Hello ! Everybody !
today introduction about me ! ! !
todayI wrote an introduction about myself ! ! !
my name is yukien .
living in japan .
I live in japan .
and my job is resident nurse in japan .
My job is aresident nurse in a hospital .
so working in hospital .
my dream is international nurse ! so do my best ! !
my dream is to be aninternational nurse ! so I will try my best ! !
please help me a my english ! ! !
please help me improve my english ! ! !
if you wanna study a japanese , I can teach you a japanese ! ! !
if you wanna study japanese , I can teach you japanese ! ! !
if you wanna study japanese , I can teach you some ! ! !
thanks ! ( ^ o ^ ) /

I am from Japan .
but I am not look sea .
but I ca n't see the sea .
But I can not see the sea .
I want to go to see the sea .
I want to see the sea .

I 'd like to know your opinions about Japan
Now , Japan is in the critical situation .
Now , Japan is in a critical situation .
I think spoiling radioactive water to the sea is catastrophe .
I think spilling radioactive water to the sea is a catastrophe .
There might be no choice about that but I ca n't understand why they did that .
There might be no choice about that , but I ca n't understand why they did it .
Maybe if they did n't , the power plant exploded ? ?
Maybe if they did n't , the power plant would have exploded ? ?
I do n't know . . .
What is worse is Japanese government is trying to control information in this internet age .
What is worse is that the Japanese government is trying to control information in this internet age .
Here , I would like to know objective opinions about future of Japan .
Specially economic .
Off course , I hope Japan will get through this situation .
And I knew many people are worrying about it .
And I know many people are worrying about it .
I really appreciated that .
I really appreciate that .
But I really want to know what foreign people are thinking about this situation of Japan .
But I really want to know what foreign people are thinking about this situation in Japan .

Chinese class
Chinese is so fan .
Chinese is so fun .
Japanese also use Kanji , so I think it 's a little easy for Japanese to remember Chinese words .
Japanese also uses Kanji , so I think it 's a little easier for Japanese people to remember Chinese words .
The Japanese language also uses Kanji , so I think it 's a little easy for Japanese people to remember Chinese words ,
But it 's difficult to pronounce and to hear .
But it 's difficult to pronounce and to understand .
but it 's difficult for us to pronounce and understand ( the language ) .
It takes long time for remembering English words , but I often found out mean of a Chinese word which I do n't know only to see .
It takes a long time for me to remember English words , but I often already know the meaning of a Chinese word the moment I see it .
But Chinese is difficult to pronounce . . .
Today , after Chinese class , my teacher told me to come to the teacher 's desk .
Today after my Chinese class , my teacher asked me to come to his desk .
I thought `` did I something bad . . . ? ``
I thought , `` Did I do something bad . . . ? ``
But he said `` You do study so hard , but your pronunciation is a little incorrect , I 'll teach you . ``
But he said , `` You study so hard , but your pronunciation is a little incorrect , so I 'll teach you . ``
I was very glad .

letter ! !
Yes I got the letter from you Yesterday ! !
Sounds you 've had good days in Africa ! !
Sounds like you 've had a good time in Africa ! !
I 'll send you the gift on and off if it makes you happy : D
I 'll send you a gift here and there if it makes you happy : D
You think I 'm so kind guy , do n't you ? ! !
You think I 'm so kind , do n't you ? ! !
Hope you 'll have brilliant experiences in there ! !
Hope you 'll have brilliant experiences there ! !
I 'm tired .
Since I had played Futsal for three hours , I 'm tired .
It is a bit difficult to play futsal for me , so a futsal court is narrow .
I find it a bit difficult to play futsal because a futsal court is narrow .
That is why I have to learn skill moves in which I 'm second to none .
That is why I have to learn skillful moves in which I 'm second to none .
Futsal is fun ! !
Let 's play futsal with me ! !
Let 's play futsal together ! !

turn over
My 5 - month - old daughter finally got to be able to turn herself over today !
My 5 - month - old daughter finally learnt to turn herself over today !
She just can turn to her right side and lie on her tummy , but she ca n't turn back over .
She can turn onto to her right side and lie on her tummy , but she ca n't turn back the other way .
It is still amazing : )

QingDao - My second hometown
QingDao - My second home
I have lived in QingDao for four years .
It 's a special and beautiful city .
I met my Mr .
Right who give me a family .
Right who gave me a family .
So many people like here because it has a long oceanline beside the Huangocean .
Many people like it here because of the long Yellow Sea coastline .
when summer coming the temperature will not higer
When summer comes , the temperature does not increase much .
Now the winter come .
Now it is winter .
I feel very cold .
It is very cold .
the wind is very big .
The wind is very strong .
Rainy city
I lose my umbrella yesterday .
I lost my umbrella yesterday .
It 's a very bad news , because I am live in the rainy city .
It 's very bad news , because I am living in a rainy city .
I need a big umberlla avoid to be a wet people .
I need a big umberella to avoid getting wet .
After few days , I think I should go to buy a new one .
After a few days , I think I should go buy a new one .
Even I still want my umbrella back to me . . .
Even though I still want my other umbrella back . . .

A brand - new web site
I do n't want to use this site as a sales pitch but let me tell you this ;
I 've just completed and launched one of the blog - type web sites of my product line .
This is a web site for a hair salon called ' relache ' , which means ' relax ' in French .
What I had been requested by the client was the following ;
My company 's client had the following requirements for the blog ;
To make it like a bleary picture .
To make and embed a blurry picture on the website .
To focus on some parts but not all of it .
To focus on some but not all parts of their hair salon .
To allow the client to change pictures or comments by themselves .
Not to make it snobbish but to make it cute and girly , namely ' kawaii ' , which is a Japanese adverb to put a great value on the young beautiful friendly Japanese ladies .
Basically I always listen to all the requests from a client and try my best to achieve the goal exactly the way the client imagines on her mind .
Basically I always listen to all the requests from a client and try my best to achieve the goal exactly the way the client imagines in her mind .
Basically I always listen to all the requests from a client and try my best to achieve the goal exactly the way the client imagines it .
However , this time the client was very strict about the whole layout in detail , because they themselves take care of their own clients ' hair style everyday and are naturally keen on how the beauty is supposed to be .
However , this time the client was very strict about the whole layout in detail , because they themselves take care of their own clients ' hair style everyday and are very specific about the image they are trying to portray on their website .
However , this time the client was very strict about the whole layout in detail , because they themselves take care of their own clients ' hair style everyday and are naturally keen on what beauty is supposed to be .
It took us thee months to complete it and we , our designers , coders and I , have just made it and I 've felt very relieved to finish it !
It took us thee months to complete it and we , our designers , coders and I , have just finished making it . I felt a great sense of relieve when we finally completed it !

winter ? ?
It 's being very cold , like hardest week in the winter .
Now It 's March almost April ! !
Cherry blossom is surprising . . .
Cherry blossoms are surprising . . .
What a cold day is it ! !
What a cold day it is ! !
I spend a great effort to wake up and leave bed .
It was very tough game .
It was a very tough game . ( what was ? )
I have a tennis tournament .
I thought it gets warm enough to play tennis without feeling cold .
I thought it would be warm enough to play tennis without it feeling cold .
But it is freeeeeezing today . ^ - ^
It 's time to leave . . . . bye

I ate supper with Chinese friends
I went to my Chinese student 's home to have supper .
I went to my Chinese students ' home to have supper .
We went to super market and bought some foods for supper .
We went to the supermarket and bought some foods for supper .
Two of them study Japanese , we talked in Japanese , but one student do n't speak Japanese , I have to speak Japanese and English .
It was very good practice for me to speak English .
It was very good practice for me to speak in English .
These days , I have a lot of time to speak Enhlish .
These days , I have a lot of time to speak English .
And the Chinese meal was very good .

Ichiro Achieved 200 Safe Hits
Ichiro Achieved 200 ( Safe ) Hits
Ichiro , who playing Seattle Mariners in Major League , achieved 200 safe hits continuing 10 years .
Ichiro , who plays for the Seattle Mariners in Major League , achieved 200 safe hits for 10 years straight .
It was 152th game of him , that is 10 days later than last year .
It was his 152th game , that is 10 days later than last year .
The great record do n't achieved any other him .
Nobody else has achieved such a great record .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
He was a hero in Japanese Baseball .
Now , he is a star player in Major League ! !
Now , he is a star player in the Major League ! !
I 'm proud of his success as the same Japanese .
As a Japanese person , I 'm proud of his success .
And I suppose it is difficult to write about technical news topic .
For instance I did n't learn words about Baseball .
For instance I did n't learn any words about Baseball .
How do I learn technical words ?

The Sunshine
Yesterday weather was very nice and the sunshine was also too strong in the daytime .
Yesterday weather was very nice , but the sunshine was too strong .
I had been teaching soccer to kids for the morning of yesterday .
I taught soccer to kids yesterday morning .
As a result , I got sunburned except my body and legs .
As a result , I got sunburned everywhere except for my body and legs .
In spite of having gotten sunburned too much , when I got up this morning , I did n't feel pain of my skin at all .
In spite of having gotten sunburned so badly , when I got up this morning , it did n't hurt .
But at the same moment , I had physical fatigue .
Although I went to bed at the previous night , it 's not likely that the fatigue of my body recovered well .
Although I had gone to bed the previous night , I was still tired .
I think the sunshine was too strong .

I 'm at a hotel in Yamagata .
I came here to attend an academic comference .
I was very nervous when I was attending the conference .
Attendees except me were professors and managers from big companies .
The other attendees were professors and managers from big companies .
I am now at a hotel .
I feel relieved .
I want to go to Onsen if I have enough time tomorrow .
I want to go to an Onsen if I have enough time tomorrow .
I am writing this article by using kindle3 .

It 's a rainy day : - <
The rainy season is coming !
Therain season is comming !
But , we do n't have a lot of rain in this season , so the water supply throughout the city will start from June 12 . . .
We do n't have a lot of rain in this season , so the water supply throughout the city will start from June 12 . . .
so we ca n't use water from 11 : 00 p . m . to 6 : 00 a . m . ! !
So we ca n't use water from 11 : 00 p . m . to 6 : 00 a . m . ! !
omg . . .
I do n't like to ride a bike on rainy day , but I ca n't stand that I ca n't use water ( ; _ ; ) So I hope that we will have a heavy rain !
I do n't like to riding my bike on a rainy day , but I ca n't stand that I ca n't use water ( ; _ ; ) So I hope that we will have some heavy rain !
I do n't like to ride a bike on rainy days , but I ca n't stand that I ca n't use water ( ; _ ; ) So I hope that we 'll have a heavy rain !
I 'm so broke just now . . .
I 'm so broke right now . . .
so I have to find another part - time - job !
So I have to find another part time job !
Summer is coming soon !
There 're a lot of things I wanna do !
There 're a lot of things I want to do !
So I wanna save money !
So I want to save money !
I 'll take a test tommorow . . . .
I have to take a test tomorrow .
so I have to study !
So I have to study !

It has been little long time .
It has been a long time .
Hey how are u doing , guys ?
Hey how are you guys doing ?
Im doing bad .
I 'm doing bad .
Im fallen to asleep almost time when I study English after come back home from work .
I 'm falling asleep most of the time when I study English after coming back home from work .
I have been falling asleep almost every time I study English after coming back home from work .
It 's sucks .
It sucks .
I have TOEIC test in next month .
I have the TOEIC test next month .
How should I do ( that ? ) not to be fallen to asleep ?
How should I do the test and not fall asleep ?
only good news is I might get a driving license at least next weekend .
The only good news is that I might get a driver 's license as soon as next weekend .
Oh . . . . . .
my English is getting only worse .
my English is getting worse .
Damn it .

I tried .
I have studing English all the time at the library .
I have been studying English all the time at the library .
Recently , I have been studying English all the time at the library .
Toward evening ( 6 : 30PM ) , I have been to learn English for a week
In the evenings ( at 6 : 30PM ) , I have been going to learn English for a week
Also , I have been going to an English language class every week at 6 : 30pm .
at SDA language school .
The name of the program is SDA Language School .
It 's bored .
It 's boring .
Actually , it 's kind of boring .
But I have maximum amount of effort to concentrate my attention .
But I am making the maximum amount of effort to concentrate my attention .
But I am making the maximum amount of effort to concentrate on my class .

nihon no tango
HANASHIMASU . . . . .
okuniwa dichira desu ka .
okuniwa dochira desu ka .
chuugoku desu .
ja , nihongo o hanashimasu ka .
ja , nihongo ga hanasemasu ka .
nihongo o hanashimasen .
nihongo ga hanasemasen .
demo , chotto eigo o hanashimasu .
demo , chotto eigo ga hanasemasu .
We had better speak in English
yoriyoi eigo o hanashimasu .
URIMASU . . . . . .
What is your work ?
Shigoto wa nan desu ka .
I work as a part time promoter .
Paato desu .
so desu ka .
What do you sell ?
nani wa urimasu ka .
nani wo urimasu ka .
I sell shirt only .
Shatsu desu . ( how to say only ? ? )
I will visit your shop one day .
ichinichi anata no mise ni hoomon shimasu .
kondo anata no mise ni hoomon shimasu . kondo = next time
IF MY SENTENCES ARE NOT COMPLETED , PLEASE COMPLETE FOR ME .
THANK YOU .

My Friend Richar
When I met Richard by chance at the airport last sunday , he was with his wife .
I had n't seen him for ages , so I did n't know her .
He had got married a year ago .
He got married a year ago .
Of course he introduced her .
Of course he introduced her and
I found her very nice .
We all had a long talk , you know , talking about the past , the present time , and of course , future projects .
We all had a long talk , you know , talking about the past , the present , and of course , future projects .
They seemed to be so happy that I was very happy too .
We said `` good bye `` , promising to meet again very soon .
Going back to home , I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard , so that he could manage his terrible mood .
Going back home , I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard , and hoped that she could help him manage his terrible mood .

Eat at home or Out ?
Eat at Home or Eat Out ?
Do you like delicious foods ?
I think your answers should be like `` Yes , Of course `` .
I think your answer is `` Yes , of course . ``
So , Do you good at making a delicious food to satisfy with your friends ' tongue ?
Certainly , it 's not easy to cook a nice dishes because cooking is a high technique job .
It 's not easy to cook e complex dishes because cooking is a high technique job requires certain techniques .
I seldom invite my friends to eat at home because I am not confident in my cooking skill although my friends would not mind of it , or even a clear soup noodles .
I seldom invite my friends to eat at home . I am not confident in my cooking skills , although my friends would not mind , even if I only made noodles .
Making a delicious food is a high technique job because you need to know what kind of food material , tool , and recipe you need to prepare and how to select , use food material and tool , and do a cooking .
Making a delicious food is a difficult . You need to know what kind of ingredients and tools , needed to prepare the recipe , and you need to know how to select , use , and cook these ingredients .
In China , there are thousands of food material and cooking methods .
In China , there are thousands of various ingredients l and cooking methods .
Even if the material is the same , the taste may be variant from different cooking methods and different chefs .
Even if the material is the same , the taste may be variant from different vary by cooking method and chef .
For example , a fish can be made by frying , steaming , cooking or salting etc .
For example , fish can be cooked by frying , steaming , or salting , etc .
The supplementary raw material could be any kind of vegetables or even China Traditional Medicines .
The side - dish could be any kind of vegetables or even traditional Chinese herbs .
So , it is not easy to cook such nice dishes at home , if you invite a friend for a meal , I suggest you go to a restaurant or a chophouse .
So As you can see , it is not easy to cook such nice dishes at home . If you invite a friend for a meal , I suggest you go to a restaurant or a chophouse .
For a second consideration of eating out , most Chinese people would like eat out when invite friends or hold celebration activities , such as birthday party , relationship building party .
As a second consideration option , most Chinese people invite friends to eat out when they hold celebrations , such as birthday parties or relationship building parties .
In these situation , usually , there should be a host to pay the bill in turn at this time , the custom is different from Western 's dutch treat .
In these situations , the host usually pays the bill . The custom is different from Western custom . ' .
For this reason , it would be consider stingy because you will spend less money on eating at home than restaurant , or when your friends invite you in restaurant for a return order next time , you would feel like owing something .
For this reason , doing this would be considered stingy , because you will spend less money , or and the next time your friends invite you to a restaurant , you will feel like you owe them something .
Inviting a friend eating at home is not always considered stingy , but at sometimes considered to be too friendship .
If your relationship is not so good that eating at home would make your friends uncomfortable and troubled you .
Finally , eating out can be considered convenient and save more time to chat or do other things .
Finally , eating out can be considered convenient and saves more time to chat or do other things .
Eating out could be less one third of the time than eating at home , that is , if taking twenty minutes in restaurant would taking one hour at home .
Eating out could take less than one third of the time that eating at home takes . That is , if taking it takes twenty minutes to eat at a restaurant , it would take one hour at home .
After meal , eating out means no need to do washing dishes and cleaning work .
Eating out means there is no need to wash dishes and cleaning work or clean after a meal .
Especially , when you invite a lot of people for a meal , eating at home would be a very much challenging work .
Especially when you invite a lot of people for a meal , eating at home would be too much work .
For example , when I got an admission offer from a college when I was eighteen years old , my parents invited many friends and relatives to celebrate it , there were about 80 people and each eight people took sits around a round desk with eighteen dishes , the total amount of dishes were over one hundred .
It was such a huge work that I remembered by now .
It was such a huge so much work that I remember it even now .
Anyway , it was a happy and delicious party .
Now , in my hometown , many such parties would be held in restaurant for convenience and delicious tastes .
Now , in my hometown , many such parties would be held in restaurant for convenience .
Certainly , there are many reasons to support my view that eating out is more better than eating at home when you inviting friends for a meal .
There are many reasons to support my view that eating out is better than eating at home , especially when you inviting friends for a meal .
In contrast , if you have time or want to save money , it is a better choice to eat at home .

Cake , cake , cake ! !
I ate many cakes today .
Chocolate cake , Cream puff , Raspberry cake .
Very very delicious ! !
It was very very delicious ! !
But I worry about put on weight . . .
But I worry about putting on weight . . .
But I worry about putting on weight . . .
I have to diet . . .
I have to go on a diet . . .
I cut my hair at beauty salon .
I got my hair cut at beauty salon .
I like this my hairstyle .
I like my hairstyle .
I like this hairstyle .

Hi , my first time diary : )
Hi , my first diary : )
Hi . My first diary : )
Hi , Let me introduce myself .
Hi , let me introduce myself .
I 'm Japanese .
I like watching Japanese anime !
I do n't know what I should write diary , so I want to looking back today .
I do n't know what I should write in my diary , so I want to look back at today .
I got up about 8 o ' clock in the morning .
I got up at about 8 o ' clock in the morning .
And I had rice and miso - soup for breakfast . : )
I 've been studying English for a long time , but I ca n't speak English very well .
I 've been studying English for a long time , but I ca n't speak it very well .
So , I want to be able to speak and write English someday .
Thank you for reading ! !

Lasagna .
I surf the Internet of cooking site yesterday .
I surfed the Internet and saw a cooking site yesterday .
I found some recipes , they look so good taste .
I found some recipes and they looked so good .
one of them is lasagna .
One of them is lasagna .
One of them was for lasagna .
I tried the lasagne dish for the first time and it was delicious .
I tried making lasagne for the first time and it was delicious .
I have a bread maker so I knead pasta by machin .
I have a bread maker so I knead pasta by the machine .
I have a bread maker so I used it to knead the pasta .
I made meat sauce and white sauce .
I made a meat sauce and a white sauce .
I took the photo after started eating .
I took the photo after I started eating .

English Composition
Those following sentences are homework for English Composition class .
If you find any error in words , grammars , or logics , please correct it .
If you find any error in words , grammar , or logic , please correct it .
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
The theme is
`` Are you FOR / AGAINST high schools prohibiting students from carrying cell phones ? ``
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I am against high schools prohibiting students from carrying cell phones because they have the
right to bring their cell phones to school .
Of course , if some student 's cell phone rings during class , it bothers other students .
Of course , if a student 's cell phone rings during class , it bothers other students .
But it does n't mean that they must not bring the cell phones to school , because if they keep them off during class , there will be no problems .
But it does n't mean that they must not bring cell phones to school , because if they keep them off during class , there will be no problem .

confuse day ! !
My boss came to the company today .
My boss came to the company today .
usully I must to know before she comes or not but today she did not to tell me and employee in the office she be come today .
Usually I must know before she comes or not , but today she did not tell me or the employees in the office that she was coming .
I am eating like diricial I am serprize she walk and look this way .
I was eating like crazy . I was surprised to see her walk by and look my way .
I must to keep my food quitely .
I must eat my food quietly .
She tuld me she wanted chiness tea .
She told me she wanted Chinese tea .
I must to take care my boss because the wife house she did not come today .
I must take care of my boss because the wife house did not come today .
I never to do that for her begin .
I never really did that for her when I began my job .
First time I felt confuse very must .
The first time she asked me I felt very confused .
and In the afternoon I asked her about the food to buy to her she said she can eat every thing or rice with supe
In the afternoon I asked her about the food she wanted me to buy , she said she can eat a whole rice and soup dish .
after I head I hurry to bought the food for her I can not find the food she like it
After I head out , I hurry to buy the food for her , but I could not find the food she wanted .
so , I bought someting for her I do n't know before when she stay in the main bunch she eat this food every day I bought for her
she laught about food
She laughed about the food .
so you can immagin if you eat the same food every day you will be bore I think she felt but she do n't say .
You can imagine if you ate the same food everyday you would become bored , I think she felt that way but she did n't say .
I 'm happy to wite english like the same day .
I 'm happy to write in English in the same day .
Take care .
and after day if must remember do n't buy rice with pork for her .
and after today if must remember to not buy rice with pork for her .

`` A SPECIAL GIFT FOR NEE - CHAN ``
Hello , my wonderful friends today is someone birthday . .
Hello , my wonderful friends . Today is someones birthday . .
I am sorrry to made her go to bed late but I would like to tell her . .
I am sorry to make her go to bed late , but I would like to wish her . .
`` HAPPY BRITHDAY `` I just would like to say . .
`` HAPPY BRITHDAY `` I would just like to say . .
for her the frist so I did not let her to sleep ( I am sorry ) in fect I . . . have not thing to tell her just the word she is full in my life . . and really improtant to me She is really kind
I do n't think I will forget her .
Love you my sister .

starting from here
today is my first time to come here .
I hope I can make many friends
who come from all over the world .
we can help and share each other
we can help and strengthen bilateral cultural exchanges
in enrich our life ang make our life be better
in improve the quality and quantity of our life and make a better life

Introduce myself
I am Kosei .
I visit this home page first time .
I 'm visiting this website for the first time .
So I introduce myself .
So I 'll introduce myself .
I am Japanese and live in Nagoya , the middle of Japan .
I am Japanese and live in Nagoya , which is in the middle of Japan .
I always communicate Thailand and Indian customer by email .
I always communicate with Thai and Indian customers by email .
But I do n't have confidence to write what I think in the detail .
But I do n't have confidence to write what I think in detail .
So I join this home page .
So I 've joined this website .
Could you revise my English as above ?
And does anyone who speaks English frequently make a friend with me ?
And does anyone who speaks English frequently want to make friends with me ?
I also will revise your Japanese diary .
Best regards ,
The biggest earthquake in Japan .
I 'm safe .
Please do n't worry . : )
There is no damage in my area .
My area is far from earthquake area .
I 'm watching news on TV .
It was shocking .
Houses were washed by tsunami .
Many people died .
I was unbelievable .
It was unbelievable .
My heart almost broke .
I 'm very helpless .
I 'm praying for everyone 's safety .

so excited
I went to baseball stadium today .
CR VS SF .
it was my first time to watch the baseball game .
It was my first time watching a baseball game .
everybody said comprain with loud voice .
that 's funny .
I like american emotion !
it 's different Japanese .
it 's different than Japanese .
loud loughing , loud regreting . .
loud laughing , loud regretting . .
anyway , rockies came from behind victory .
anyway , the rockies came from behind for a victory .
Tory was very nice player .
Tory was a very nice player .
when Troy came batter 's box , made some noise .
when Troy went to the batter 's box , everyone made some noise .
finally , he hit the single hit , it made rockies won .
finally , he hit the single hit that made the rockies win .

12 . 1 December
I have a test in Feb , but I 'm in the army now , so do n't have enough time to study .
I will have a test in Feb . However , I 'm in the army now , so I do n't have enough time to study .
all of the people here , are younger tan me , after they finish a duty ofdepense our country , they will go back to the university and keep studying .
All of the people here , are younger than me . After they finish the duty of depense for our country , they will go back to the university and keep studying .
but I was already graduated from peking university in china , so I have to find a job , I hope that I will be a certified public accountant and have to improve english skills and chinese skills
However , I already graduated from Peking university in China , so I have to find a job . I hope that I will be a certified public accountant and continue improving my English and Chinese language skills

Skype English
Last month , I began to take English lectures on Skype .
I started it because I would like to have more opportunity to speak English , and the online lectures are cheap !
I started it because I would like to have more opportunities to speak English , and the online lectures are cheap !
If I go to a language school and talk with a native speaker , it would cost more than 30000yen ( about $ 350 ) in a month , but the online one cost just 3000yen ( about $ 35 ) per month .
If I go to a language school and talk with a native speaker , it would cost more than 30000yen ( about $ 350 ) a month , but the online one costs just 3000yen ( about $ 35 ) per month .
It is cheap because we can use skype for free , and the company hires Filipinos as tutors with small salary .
Some say that we should talk with native speakers because non - natives have their own accents , but I think most Filipino tutors are really good in speaking English .
Therefore , I recommend English learners to try the online English lesson .

My employment in a childhood .
My employment during my childhood .
My childhood was different .
I was occupied by many deals and amusement : Graeco - Roman wrestling ( 1year ) ; karate , boxing , football ( few months ) ; and my favorite air - modelling ( the some years ) - it drove me crazy and currently I love aircrafts & any air machinery .
I was occupied by many hobbies and amusements : Greco - Roman wrestling ( 1year ) ; karate , boxing , football ( few months ) ; and my favorite aero - modelling ( for some years ) - it drove me crazy and currently I love aircrafts & any air machinery .
Also , I like my home computer , was studying how it works and another technology .
Also , I like my home computer , was studying how it works and other technology .
When I was in my circle of air - modelling there is a circle of radio lovers .
When I was in my group of aero - modelling there was a group of radio lovers .
I never mind how they sit on his plases and solder all time .
I never liked how they sat in their places and soldered all time .
I did n't like their enthusiasm .
When I grew up I think about my profession and afterwards I had finished my study at an university on a radio faculty ! ) because I had entered in that faculty on a free education .
When I grew up I thought about my profession and after that I finished my studies at the radio faculty at an university ! ) because I had entered that faculty on free education .
Currently I work in a radio industry like a junior engineer and I solder almost all day in my job .
Currently I work in the radio industry as a junior engineer and I solder almost all day in my job .
It 's impossible !

A funny joke
Title - the granny and the driver
A very forgetful granny lived in Seoul .
One day she wanted to go to Seoul train station .
One day she wanted to go the Seoul train station .
She caught a taxi and said to the driver .
She caught a taxi and said to the driver ,
Driver , I am very forgetful since I am an old woman .
I often forgets where I am going or what I am going to do .
I often forget where I am going or what I am going to do .
I want to go to Seoul station and please tell me where I am
I want to go to Seoul station . Please tell me where I am
going in about 10 mintues because I will forget my destination
going in about 10 mintues because I will forget my destination ,
Young man I am suffering from amnesia ``
young man , because I suffer from amnesia ``
The driver said assuring her
The driver said , assuring her ,
`` Ma ' am , do n't worry .
I will take you to your destination safely and
also remind you where you are headed ``
The granny said `` Thank you `` to him
The granny said , `` Thank you . ``
About 10 minutes passed .
The granny forgot why she was in the taxi and where she was headed .
The granny tapped the driver and said
`` Hey , Driver !
Where are you goin ? ``
Where are you going ? ``
The driver looked back and said
. `` Who are you ?
When did you get in my taxi ? ``
The driver was also suffering from amnesia

This paper proposes a social networking service site based mobile environment for learning foreign languages called SONLEM , which supports learners to find a partner who can solve the language learning problems at the online community , and an appropriate request chain of friends will be recommended upon their request .
This paper proposes a social networking service site based mobile environment for learning foreign languages called SONLEM , which encourages learners to find a partner who can solve their language learning problems through an online community , and an appropriate request chain of friends that can provide recommendations upon request .
The learner can practice his second language with a native speaker who is learning his language .
The learner can practice their second language with a native speaker who is learning their language .

I like to play a instrument .
When I was a highschool student , I formed a rock band .
When I was a high school student , I formed a rock band .
I played the bass , the drums and sometimes the guitar .
I played the bass , the drums , and sometimes the guitar .
I like to not so much play these instruments as go on the stage .
It is difficult to make a lot of people fun .
It is difficult to entertain a lot of people , but it is fun .
But it is fun to make a lot of people fun .

Let 's get it started
by : Black Eyed Peas
by : The Black Eyed Peas
I spent my day here in Akita with eating and sleeping . .
I spent some days here in Akita , eating and sleeping . .
Oh , this is not good . . : (
I 'm going back to Tokyo next Tuesday perhaps .
I 've learned many things through talking with my grandma .
We also discovered that we have many similarities in the way of thinking about many things .
Today , the topic was about the career and job .
Since my grandma and grandpa are incredibly smart , so they had a great job like they are both government employee here in Akita .
Since my grandma and grandpa are incredibly smart , they had a great job like they are both government employees here in Akita .
My grandma also haddone many hobbies and activities when she retired last ten years ago .
My grandma also had done many hobbies and activities when she retired last ten years ago .
I really admire her because she keep challenging and trying herself to test how far she can go .
I really admire her because she keeps challenging and trying herself to test how far she can go .
I have n't set myself yet with what I really want to do , especially in my future career .
So , I 'll give my all to study hard in the university .
Oh , and I miss my friends in Tokyo already . . : ( (

Speaking English
It 's been long since I speak in English last .
It 's been so long since I last spoke in English .
Today I talked with a guy who met on the lang - 8 .
Today I talked with a guy whom I met on Lang - 8 .
He can speak English so our conversation must be done in English but I remained how my speaking skill is bad .
He could speak English , so our conversation was held in English but I was reminded of how my speaking skill is bad .
He could speak English so our conversation was in English , but it reminded me how bad my English speaking skills are .
Sometimes I am said that my writing English is good so people tend to think my speaking level is high but it is definitely not .
Sometimes I am told that my written English is good . So people tend to think my level of speaking is high , but it is definitely not .
When sitting in front of a mic , I cant start conversation from me .
When sitting in front of a mic , I ca n't start conversation .
Is this because of my English skill or . . .
Is this because of my English skill ? Or . . .
my personality ?
Those who want to hear my poor English , please do n't hesitate to call me .
I can give you terrible ENGRISH sounds .
I can give you terrible `` Engrish `` sounds .
27 / 6 sunday
Today was enjoyed .
I enjoyed myself today .
I went to boring with tennis club 's menber .
I went bowling with tennis club members .
We played two games and confronted at this .
We split into two teams and played a match in two games .
Our team did n't have to penalty .
After that , We went to Gyuhan ( grilled meat shop ) to have a dinner .
After that , we went to Gyuhan ( grilled meat shop ) to have dinner .
It was very delicious .
By the way , I went to hair salon to cut my hair in noon .
By the way , I went to get a haircut to the hair salon at noon .
I 'm tiding now .
I 'm tired now .

I 've never been to me .
I ca n't sleep .
It 's 4 : 30am .
I could rent `` twilight `` .
but I do n't want to watch from now .
but I do n't want to watch it right now .
I had sufferd on line .
I had sufferd on line . please elaborate ?
I found a nice song to me .
I found a nice song that I like .
I sometimes study English by some songs .
I sometimes study English by listening to songs .
So I tend to choose slow balad songs .
So I tend to choose slow ballad songs .
I begin to like this song because I like the title .
I like this song because of the title .
This sounds English to me .
This sounds like English to me .
We never express like this in Japanese .
We never express feelings like this in Japanese .
In English class .
I had learned `` Have you ever been to Paris ?
Where have you been abroad ?
I have been to London . ``
But I ' ve never learned this sentence .
I like this one .
I have nice friends who are so smart and very kind on this site .
I wonder if they like this song as same as me .
This is a female 's song but this lirics have deepper meaning to me .
This is a woman 's song but the lyrics have a deeper meaning for me .
I want to say someday `` I have been to me . ``
I want to be able to say someday , `` I have been to me . ``

I was soooo excited ! ! !
It was one of the happiest day two days ago since I came in the U .
It was one of the happiest days two days ago since I came to the U .
Because I passed a driver lisence test !
That 's because I passed my driver 's license test !
I know many people think that passing and having a driver lisence is
I know many people think that passing and having a driver 's license is
very normal in the U .
However , that is big and exciting news to me .
I 've never driven a car in Japan , even so , I 've never been in trouble
I 've never driven a car in Japan . Even more so , I 've never had any trouble
about transportation , because my hometown Yokohama is very
with transportation , because my hometown Yokohama is very
conviniently located about public transportation .
conveniently located near public transportation .
( I think , like New York )
I want to buy a car as soon as I can find a good car !
Then when I go back to Japan , I want to drive around my hometown !

A Short Note on English - learning Craze in Korea .
Korea 's English - learning craze shows no sign of cooling down anytime soon .
Students normally start taking English classes as early as they are still in preschools and this continues even after they become college students .
Students normally start taking English classes as early as preschool and this continues even after they become college students .
It 's not so difficult to spot thousands of parents tightening their belts in order to send their kids to private language institutes .
It 's not difficult to spot thousands of parents tightening their belts in order to send their kids to private language institutes .
In 2009 alone , the total amount of money spent on private English education reached up to 7 trillion won .
The number is quite disturbing since it equals almost 30 % of the annual state budget spent for public education .
It is high time for the government to step in with timely measures to resolve the problem situation .

Would you like to make friends with me ?
l am a gril from China .
My english name is miban .
My English name is miban .
l am 20 .
l like to make friends with others .
l like to make friends with other people .
These days l want to learn Japanese , though l do n't konw about it at all .
These days l want to learn Japanese , though l do n't know anything about it at all .
So I want to make some friends to teach me as well as to improve my english .
So I want to make some friends to teach me as well as to improve my English .
Would you like to be my friends ?
Would you like to be my friend ?

My First Entry
My First Entry
I 'll start Lang - 8 for getting the skill of writing English .
I started using Lang - 8 to learn writing in English .
I have started using Lang - 8 to get better at writing in English .
Maybe , too many mistakes are included in my entries .
Maybe , I will make many mistakes in my entries .
I might make too many mistakes in my entries .
But I 'll be to use English fluently to the next year .
But I have to be fluent in English by next year .
Because I 'll be employee of the company making the electric appliances .
Because I 'll be an employee of a company making electric appliances .
English skill is necessary for the working .
English skills are necessary for the job .
Then , I want to obtain the skill for the student .
I want to obtain the skill of a student .
If you help my studying English , I want to help your studying Japanese .
If you help me learn English , I will help you learn Japanese .
Glad to read my entry .
Glad to read my entry .
Thank you for reading my entry .

my first part time job
Life is shorter than I think .
Life is shorter than I thought .
I am totally 21 years old but I have never thought about my future life seriously .
I am 21 years old but I have never thought about my future seriously .
I saw the others have got their own final distination .
I saw that others have got their own final distination .
Some success , some are still keep on trying hard to get thier goals .
Some succeeded , some are still trying hardto achieve their goals .
This point made me want to serious with my life .
This made me want to be serious with my life .
Everyone have got dreames .
Everyone have got dreams .
I also got dreams , but what I dream are impossible soon .
I also have dreams , but they are impossible to achieve soon .
It depends on my parent 's agreement first .
To tell you about one of my dream .
I will tell you about one of my dreams .
I want to study aboard where is focus on my interested major .
I want to study aboard where I can focus on the major I 'm interested in .
I counld n't tell them about this story , just keep in my mind .
I counld n't tell them about this , I just kept it in my mind .
I absolutely know how my family 's financial statement is .
There are 5 person in my family .
There are 5 persons in my family .
We dont rich enough to send me study aboad and I dont want to be selffish .
Theyare not rich enough to send me study aboad and I dont want to be selfish .
As time pass by , It seemed I have got the good thing from my parent more than my sister and brother
As time passes by , It seems thatI have got the good things from my parent more than my sister and brother got .
. . . . . will be edit more . . . . go to sleep la . . .

Improving my listening ability
After class I just took the elevator down to the building with my listening class teacher and two of my classmate .
After class I just took the elevator down to the building with my listening class teacher and two of my classmates .
On of my classmate turned to the teacher to improve our listening skill .
One of my classmate turned to ask the teacher on how to improve our listening skill .
The teacher said that we should listen the meterial over and over and try to figure out all the words and sentences after class .
The teacher said that we should listen to the material over and over and try to figure out all the words and sentences after class .
If we ca n't still figure out some words - especial the technical words - after listening it over and over again , we have to try to write it down and look up in a dictionary .
If we still ca n't figure out some words - especially the technical words - after listening it over and over again , we have to try to write it down and look it up in a dictionary .
Most of all , he emphasized that we had better not to read the script from begining to end .
Most of all , he emphasized that we better not read the script from beginning to end .
That 's what I learned about today .
That 's what I learned today .

Diary 20110117
I 'm working in a publishing company , and our section publishes monthly wedding information magazine .
I 'm working in a publishing company , and our section publishes monthly wedding information magazine / flier .
Now I join in a project to study about the wedding markets of foreign countries , especially of China .
Now I am joining in a project to study about the wedding markets of foreign countries , especially of China .
We discuss the trend of oversea wedding of Chinese couples ; in Japan there are few religious wedding ceremonies , so some Japanese couples choose the oversea wedding , for example hold ceremonies in Hawaii , Guam , and so on .
We discuss the trend of overseas wedding of Chinese couples ; in Japan there are few religious wedding ceremonies , so some Japanese couples choose the overseas wedding , for example they hold ceremonies in Hawaii , Guam , and so on .
But the style of wedding is concerned to their country 's culture , so it 's not easy to understand for us .
I must interview some couples who had already held the oversea wedding .
I must interview some couples who had already held the overseas wedding .
I think their fresh voices are most important hint of my project .
I think their fresh voices are / will be the most important hint for my project .

9 : I want to make our garden full of pink in spring .
9 : I want our garden to be full of pink flowers in spring .
I planted pink tulip bulbs today .
I 'm going to plant other kinds of pink flowers next weekend .
I 've heard pink is a color of hope .
My son and my daughter will start their new life next spring .
That 's why I want to make our garden full of pink in spring .

Japanese cartoon
I found out that most people who study Japanese like Japanese cartoon .
I foundthat most people who study Japanese like Japanese cartoon .
cartoon is called `` Manga `` in japanese .
Not only `` Manga `` , `` Anime `` is also popular for them .
`` Anime `` is the abbreviation of animation .
I was surprised that manga and anime can be seen in other countries .
I 'm not so good at manga and anime .
I 'm not really interested on manga and anime .
So , I 'm planning to know these category .
So I 'm going to know more about these category .
Sha - Hand - Show - Bo
Sha - Hand - Show - Bo , this is a word created by a 4 - year - old child .
It means to insist on something no matter any difficulties come up .
It means to insist on something no matter any difficulties that may come up .
It 's quite surprised why a little child would feel so .
I love the word .
Sometimes , it tells me to keep moving .
I got a bad score from our HR head without rhyme or reason .
The important things are :
It 's time for me to be promoted and the score would impact both the career development and salary
The evaluation is not real because there are not anyone else to say so .
The evaluation is not real because there is not anyone else to say so .
And ever as the word , it 's not to work but to charactor .
Another information is all the department heads expect HR head all agree with my promotion .
It shows maybe I would be a victim in departments competition and under some yentas .
Unfortunately , I have no chance to explain / clarify unless I 'd like to intensify the conflict between my department and HR .
As the result , perhaps , I have to stay at same place .
However , what I can do only is to be ' Sha - Hand - Show - Bo ' .
Let me keep walking and the fact will break down the buzz / gossip .

Heavy rain
It rained today .
I always go work by bicycle ,
I always go to work by bicycle ,
but today I went by foot so it rained .
but today I went on foot because it rained .
My foot got soaked very much .
My ft got really soaked h .
My feet got really soaked .
The weather forecast says that it will rain tomorrow .
It is depressing .

Deaflympic
Tonight in Taipei , there will be a starting ceremeny of Deaflympic .
This is first held in Aisa .
Aftesr World Gams in Kaohsiung , Taipei also hold Deaflypic .
This is our first time to hold it .
This is our first time to host it .
I hope that Deaflympic will hold well and we can care about some one are paralytic ,

The history of my learning English
I started learning English in the first class of my school , when I was six years old .
In Russia this language is an official program in all schools .
You can choose from three : English , French and German , but English is the most popular .
When I was 6 , the year was 1993 and in my country we had n't a lot of good teachers , because over many years before the people had n't the possibility of treavelling abroad and no chance opportunity to practice language . . .
But my mother allways says that it 's just a pretextes and nothing to prevent you if you have a purpose .
When I was thirteen , I changed schools and started to learn in a gymnasium .
Here all was different , and the teachers too .
In the first lessons of English I did n't understend anything - the teacher did n't say one verb in Russian .
It was horrible !
In the exersise of gramer , which I doing for an houars I ca n't do correct any sentence .
In the grammar exercises , which I did for hours ( ? ) I could n't correct any sentences ( ? ) .
I looked for every verb in the dictionary and cried . . .
But several times I passed my exam with `` excellent `` .
But my grammar now is just pre intermidiate .
Then I learning english in the University .
I do n't know why , but it 's VERY hard for me . . .
I was the worst in my groupe ( the worse group in course : ) ) But then , little by little , I started to talk in English .
3 years I do n't learn English hard , no have a practic , but I now how to wach the favorite films in the originale and how to reed books - it 's wondeful !
And now I give the promise for myself , that I will learn english by the leavel entermidiate and more then this level , and I will never neglect it !
Because it very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it and I 'll never understand a half of a beautifule sites in the Internet !
Because it is very important ; I 'll never get a good job without it , and I 'll never understand half of the beautiful sites in the Internet !
And I lake to drow in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !
And I like to draw in Photoshop and Illustrator , and many other things !
Somebody , who learning Russian , and all who wants to talk with a russian girl - lets talk by the skype !
Somebody , who is learning Russian , and all who want to talk with a Russian girl - lets talk by skype !

A visit to Huang river park
Today , my whole classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .
Today all of my classmates and I went to the Huang River Park .
Huang river is the second longest river of China .
The Huang river is the second longest river of China .
as its name , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .
As its name implies , the water is very yellow carrying lots soil .
It was little cold and windy , so the air is stale .
I was regrateful that I wore a new clothes , when I came back it full of dust .
I regretted wearing new clothes , when I came back they were full of dust .
The river is very long , I ca n't see the limit , and the water is peaceful .
The river is very long . I ca n't see the end , and the water is peaceful .

Everyday learning !
These days my lovely boy is getting naughty .
He is crowling everywhere as his instinct tells .
He is crawling everywhere as his instinct tells .
When he gets silence , it is dangerous sign to me .
When he gets silence , it is a dangerous sign to me .
He is chewing something really dangerous .
Today he chewed a piece of kleenex .
He would almost be stucked .
I noticed it because he coughed .
I put my fingures into his little mouth , and pull it out .
I put my fingers into his little mouth , and pull it out .
While I was washing the dishes , he did it .
I tried to keep an eye on him on doing house work ,
I tried to keep an eye on him while doing house work ,
but it happened only in a few seconds I did n't see .
Everyday he is growing up little by little , step by step ,
Everyday he is growing little by little , step by step ,
and everyday I am learning how I deal with his can - do things .
and everyday I am learning how to deal with his can - do things .

Spring vacation is coming shortly !
Spring Vacation is Almost Here !
It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary last time .
It 's been a long time since I wrote a diary entry .
My university started on the January 8th , but it will finish shortly .
My university classes started on January 8th , but they will be over shortly .
How fast time goes by !
Time flies !
When spring vacation comes , I have to study English harder and I 'd like to write a diary everyday .
When spring vacation comes , I will have to study English harder , and I 'd like to write a diary entry everyday .
I 'm so happy if you comment on my diary .
I would be so happy if you would comment on my diary .

Oversleep
Today , I have two classes .
But I slept late this morning !
But I slept in late this morning !
Tomorrow , I have an English class .
I 'm absolutely get up early ! !
I 'm absolutely getting up early ! !

A New Plan for Japan
From the Wall Street Journal today , I found an interesting article about the future plan of Japan .
The article is from the Review & Outlook section .
The title is `` A New Plan for Japan `` .
As far as I am concerned , the article clearly suggests three main solutions for Japan 's problems .
Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked up three solutions .
Actually , there are not only three solutions in the article , but I just picked out three solutions .
I felt this was a good article for both Japanese and foreign people to understand Japan 's current situation .
The first solution is to lower corporate and personal taxes .
The taxes in Japan are relatively higher than those in most of other developed countries .
To signal young leaders that entrepreneurship will be rewarded , this solution is important .
The second solution is pension reform to control the exploding cost of old - age payouts .
As you may know , Japan has the second lowest birthrate .
This will result in rapid aging society with fewer children .
This will result in a rapidly aging society with fewer children .
The current pension system was mainly created in 1985 .
I think it 's already outdated .
The third solution is immigration reform .
As mentioned above , because Japan will become the aging society with fewer children , Japan needs people from foreign countries .
However , inviting foreign people are not easy due to the following two reasons .
First , Japan is an island country , so many Japanese people have not had much opportunity to communicate with foreign people .
Second , many Japanese people can not speak foreign languages very well .
This solution is easy to say , but not easy to implement .
The longer Japan delays , the harder it will be to implement the solutions .
To improve the current situation is really difficult , but it seems to me that it is possible .
I believe Japan can thrive again with the right leader and the right reforms .
I also want to be of some help to revive Japan .

noooooow . . .
I 'm dying for time !
It 's a pain to do my homework .
Now , I am making an album to give hostfamily in NZ .
I 'm looking forward to see them !
I 'm looking forward to seeing them !

Starting on - line shopping .
I have been here , NY for 4 months .
My NY life is getting change .
My life is changing in NY .
For example , today I ordered some clothes on the internet shop !
For example , today I ordered some clothes online ( you do n't say `` internet shop `` ) .
I felt fulfillment !
I felt happy !
It is a very simple and easy work for American , especially for me , this work is not simple one .
When I was in Seoul I used to shopping on website .
When I used to live in Seoul I used to shop online .
There are many products that are more cheaper than off - line stores .
There are many products that are cheaper online than in retail stores .
After left Seoul , I did n't use the on - line stores .
After I left Seoul , I stopped shopping online .
Because I have a something like phobia with the internet shopping .
I could n't believe the method of charging .
I could n't believe the charging method .
I suspected that way .
Because it was much simple than Korea method .
It was much easier than the Korean method .
I just need credit card numbers , that 's all !
I just need credit card numbers , that 's it !
I was worried , whether another people catch my numbers .
I was worried that somebody would take my credit card number .
Finally , I choose the official web site .
Finally , I found the official website . ( For what ? )
Because I could feel more safe and comfortable .
It made me feel more comfortable and safe to buy there .
I visited A & F official website .
I was surprised ! !
It was very cheap ! ! ! !
There is no A & F official store in Korea , so private people sell that brand clothes .
There is no A & F store in Korea , so people sell this brand .
And the prices are very expensive ! !
And is very expensive ! !
Because of this experiences , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .
Because of this experience , I could n't stop shopping on A & F website .
I ordered some clothes and they are going to ship on FEB .
I ordered some clothes and they are going to shipped on FEB .
I 'm a little bit disappointed about the speed of shipping , but it does n't matter , I 'm really satisfied with the price and design of clothes .
I 'm a little disappointed with the shipping speed but it does n't matter because I 'm really satisfied with the prices and the designs .
I expect the arriving would be happen very soon !
I hope it arrives soon !
And , I will try to use the E - bay , as soon as possible !
the very fisrt diary on Lang - 8
My very first diary entry on Lang - 8
When the first day of 2010 , like the other years , I made the new year resolution .
On the first day of 2010 , like every other year , I made a new years resolution .
One of them is to study English hard .
Bur this year is a little bit different with the other year .
Bur this year is a little bit different than the previous years .
Because I am planning to move to the foreign company which means my ability to speak and write english sould be upgraded .
I am planning to move to a foreign company , which means my ability to speak and write English should improve .
So I decide to write the english diary as a way to study english .
So I decided to write an English diary as a way to improve my english .
And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !
And luckily , I found THIS SITE ! !
I believe it really works to write english diary here to improve my english skill .
I believe that writing an English diary will really help to improve my English skills .

typhoon is coming
Typhoon is coming
A big strong typhoon is coming towards middle area of Japan .
A big strong typhoon is headed towards the middle area of Japan .
There is a strong rain falling and a strong wind blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and its noise .
Right now its raining heavily and a strong wind is blowing here , so I closed all shutters to protect the windows and reduce the noise .
I 'm worried if I can commute to my office tomorrow morning .
I 'm a little worried about whether I ' lll be able to commute to my office tomorrow morning or not .

Language is difficult .
Today , I quarrelled with my wife over a trivial matter .
My poor expressions made her irritated .
I should watch my language .
More than , I should more consideration for her feelings once more .
Moreover , I should attend her feelings more once more .
This matter made me realize the important things .
The situation made me realize the important things .

first experience
First experience
My eleven months old son could stand by himself for the first time today !
My eleven month old son stood by himself for the first time today !
He started to cry hard after that , though .
However , he started to cry hard afterward .
He might be scary that he was standing without any help .
He must have been scared that he was standing without any help .
He might 've been scared because he was standing without any help .

I 'm want to learn english
Hello , everybody .
My name is Hsiang - Chin .
My english is very bed .
My English is very bad .
But I want to learn english , so my friend Charles tell me this personals website .
I 'm to know nothing about grammar , and I 'm afraid to speak english .
I do n't know any grammar and I 'm afraid to speak English .
In fact , I want to say much something , but write english very tired .
In fact , I want to say so many things , but writing in English is very tiring .

July 18th
Hello ! I 'm sorry to late dialy ; (
Hello ! I 'm sorry to write my diary late ; (
Today , I had sleeped only two hours .
Today , I slept for only two hours .
So I feel sleeping all day .
So I felt sleepy all day .
Why I still up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` vs America .
Why I stayed up late , because I watched ladies soccer game ! The game was between Japan called `` Nadeshiko Japan `` and America .
This game was very tough game for each team .
The half game was score less drow , the second half was drow .
The first half of the game was a draw and the second half of the game was a draw .
Extra game was drow too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .
The overtime game was a draw too ! I was very strained by PK ! I 'm afraid of watching PK .
Fighnaly , Japan won the game , so `` Nadeshiko Japan `` is top team in the world ! ! I was exciting , so I ca n't sleep ; ) But I do n't regret watching soccer .
Finally , Japan won the game , so `` Nadeshiko Japan `` is top team in the world ! ! I was excited , so I could n't sleep ; ) But I do n't regret watching soccer .
I want to play something sports ! Thank you very much : )
I want to play some sports ! Thank you very much : )

First write
I have started lang - 8 today .
I decided that I will write diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .
I decided that I will write a diary everyday at lang - 8 about dairy thing to learn English .
Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .
Today , I took a walk around my house by bicycle .
I visited Freemarket which held at park .
I visited a Freemarket which was held at park .

The sounds of the steps
The sounds of ( people 's ) footsteps / Footsteps
People seems to have particular own sounds of steps .
I can recognize a person 's ones , because it is a matter of life or death for me .
Yes , it is my boss 's one .
Yes , I am specifically referring to my boss .
Before he open a door of a room where I am , I hear it and shape up , so if I fail to hear it and he accost me , I 'm really surprised and suspected by him even though I did n't do something bad .
I thank my ear for my survival until now .
I thank my sharp ears for ( the sake of ) my survival until now .

Which is the good for MMA fighter to be strong or to win ?
So many MMA fighters thought I want to be more stronger than I thought .
So many MMA fighters think they want to be stronger than they are .
This is the most necessity thing for them but my opinion is deffrent from them .
This is the most important thing to them but , my opinion is different .
Even if they are strong but they sometimes counld n't win .
Even if they are strong , they do n't win sometimes .
Because MMA is sports but they should n't think MMA is sports .
MMA is a sport that should n't be though of as a regular sport .
There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is not sports and if they seems to lose the fights they are going to try to kill their competitor and so that sometimes the strong lost by the weak .
There are a fighters who do n't think MMA is a sport and when they lose fights , they seem like they want to kill their opponent . It goes to show a strong person can lose to a weak person .
I want to say is no future in just only the strong .
I want to say , there is no future in MMA for just the strong .
Fedor who is Russian , I think he is the one of them .
Fedor , who is Russian , is not very strong .
He is called the one of the best fighter in the world .
Yet he is named the one of the best fighters in the world .

3 : 25 a . m . at JST
3 : 25 a . m . JST
It is 3 : 25 a . m . at Japan Standard Time ( JST ) .
It is 3 : 25 a . m . Japan Standard Time ( JST ) .
I 'm so sleepy .
But I must do my homework !

I do n't know .
I do n't know how to use lang - 8 .
please tell me how to use lang - 8 .
today , I went univercity .
Today , I went to university .
english class is test : (
In English class there was a test : (
I wantet to more study .
I wanted to more study .
I wanted to study more .

Thursday October 22nd 2009
It 's two ten in the afternoon right now .
In fact , at this time , I 'm not supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .
In fact , this is n't the time I 'm supposed to write in my diary on Lang - 8 .
But , I 'm going to do it now , becuase my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here and pick up my laptop .
But , I 'm going to do it now , because my laptop is supposed to get repaired , and in a couple of hours , the mechanic is going to be here to pick it up .
So , there 's not much time left .
Well , the reason why I call the repair is because big noise is made and screen often wave .
Well , the reason why I call the repairman is because it has been making loud noises and the screen often makes waves .
It have been about eight months to purchase that , so any service is free .
It has been about eight months since I purchased it , so any service is free .
now here he 's coming .
now here he 's is .
I got ta get the intercom .

english accents
okay right now I want to know what is the best way to learn the English accents ?
Okay right now I want to know what the best way is to learn English accents ?
since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of the language .
Since I 'm weak in understanding the accents of a language .
So I hope anyone here can give me some tips or steps that I should take in order to improve my communication skills
I hope someone here can give me some tips or steps that I should take in order to improve my communication skills
Thanks = )

I am new here
I am new here and I do n't know if it is right place to write . . .
One of my friends , yoshimi , introduced me about this website .
One of my friends , Yoshimi , introduced me to this website .
it is good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .
It 's good to exchange culture and language that we are trying to learn .
I will try to write everyday , I am planning to write to a bussiness person soon , so I really need your help .
I will try to write everyday , I am planning to write to a bussiness person soon , so I really need your help .
Thank you

It 's raining , not men .
Is almost 4 : 30 pm and I have n't done my housework yet , it 's been a very hot day , I do n't feel like doing anything , I was thinking about jumping into the pool , but I have to wash it and fill it first and that is going to take some time .
What else can I do ?
Uhh , it 's raining !
I 'm gon na dance in the rain , yes , that 's what I 'm going to do .
If I get a cold , I 'm going to give you tell you first .
Thanks for reading and correcting .
See you , guys !

only some sentences
It ca n't be told by simple words .
It ca n't be said in simple words .
I dreamed her the night before yesterday .
I dreamed about her the night before yesterday .
I dreamed that I found her just sitting by my side when I waked .
I dreamed that I found her just sitting by my side when I awoke .
Are the sentences above right ?

I meet a friend today .
Today , I meet a friend .
Today , I met an old friend .
She is my old friend .
For long time , I did n't see her .
So My heart flutters with expectation .
She is still being cute .
I drank the beer with her .
I drank beer with her .
I asked her if she have boyfriend or not .
I asked her if she had a boyfriend .
She answered me `` Yes , I have a boy friend . ``
She answered , `` Yes , I have a boyfriend . ``
I disappointed it a little .
I was a little disappointed .
But I 'm OK .
Someday , I will make a girl friend .
Someday , I will find a girlfriend .
Come to me chance surely .
My chance will surely come .

Tex - Mex
Tex - Mex is a popular food in Texas .
It is a combination of American and Mexican cuisine .
It features heavy use of melted cheese , beans , chili and tortillas .
It features the heavy use of melted cheese , beans , chili and tortillas .
It is very nice .
Only problem is that it is very heavy food .
The only problem is that it is very heavy food .
When I have a Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .
When I have Tex - Mex at lunch , I ca n't eat anything at night . . . .

I started lang - 8 .
I am new to lang - 8 .
I 'm learning architecture now .
Everyday , I 'm very hard to learn it .
Everyday , I work very hard to learn it .
But recently , I wanted to speak English .
But recently , I have wanted to speak English .
If I speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .
If I can speak English fluently someday , I want to go abroad .
And I want to see the wonderful architectures of foreign countries .
And I want to see the wonderful architecture of foreign countries .
That 's why , I started it .
That 's why , I started learning English .
I want to make many friends !

heavy stomach
I woke up earlier than recently today .
I woke up earlier than normal today .
Because I felt headache and heavy stomach .
Because I had a headache and a heavy stomach .
I thought why I felt bad in the bed .
I thought that was why I felt bad in the bed .
I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept down as soon .
I had a dinner at 11pm yesterday and slept as soon as possible .
I did n't feel that before several years , I did same things .
I did n't feel that way before , yet I did the same things .
I was disappointed that I was not young already !
I am disappointed that I 'm still not young !

Happy new year
We have three days holiday , so I spend these days on playing .
We have a three day holiday , so I wlll spend these days playing .
Though today is second day of new year , I say best wishes for my friends all the same .
Happy new year , my friends and my relatives .
Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to supermaket with my good friend , and bought something to my family .
Yesterday I got up late as usual , and then had lunch , went to the supermaket with my good friend , and bought something for my family .
Yesterday was a buzy day , but very happy .
Yesterday was a busy day , but I was very happy .
I feel the time past faster than usual .
I felt the time passed faster than usual .
How time flies !
This is in 2009 , it 's so fast .
I elder than before .
I am older than before .
Today I had a tour of this city by bike .
It 's nice , and I like it , if I have enough time , I will do it again .

So Sorry !
I didn ` t write here for a long time because I find a job .
I have n't written here for a long time because I found a job .
I worked as a waitress in a cafe .
It was very difficult work because we have to fag overtime .
It was very difficult work because we have to work overtime .
Every day , 15 hours . . . without interruption .
But it was very interesting work too .
We have many foreigneres as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to tolk with the Britishes , Germanes , Italianes , Danes , Finnes , Croates . . .
We have many foreigners as our clients and I really could try my strength in English ) It ` s so interesting to talk with the British , Germans , Italians , Danes , Finns , Croats . . .
and many others )
One Dutch always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understand him , except me and we could talk with him for a long time .
One Dutchman always ask us `` How are you ? `` , nobody understood him , except me and I could talk with him for a long time .
It was difficult , but very interesting time )
It was a difficult , but very interesting time )
After my hard - days I am going to go to Belarus , to Minsk )
After my hard - days I am going to go to Minsk , Belarus

Asashoryu 's Retirement
Asashoryu is a Sumo champion .
Asashoryu is a sumo champion .
Sumo is one of the Japanese traditional sports .
Sumo is one of the traditional Japanese sports .
He has been accused of puching a man while drunk recently .
He has recently been accused of punching a man while drunk .
Sumo champion , called yokozuna , is required to be strong not only phisically , but also spiritually .
A sumo champion , called a yokozuna , is required to be strong not only physically , but also spiritually .
He is one of the most strongest Sumo wrestler in the Sumo history .
He is one of the strongest sumo wrestlers in sumo history .
I am not familiar with the sport , but I know his name .
He is as famous as even I know .
He is very famous , as even I know who he is .
It is a pity that he retires because of this boring case .

An Backpacker
A Backpacker
During the last summer vacation , I traveled around Asia ; Melaka & KL ( Malaysia ) , Siem Reap ( Cambosia ) , and Bagan ( Myammer ) .
During the last summer vacation , I traveled around Southeast Asia ; Malaysia ( Malacca and Kuala Lumpur ) , Cambodia ( Siem Reap ) , and Myanmar ( Bagan ) .
I met a Japanese Backpacker When I was in KL .
I met a Japanese backpacker when I was in KL .
We lived in the same guesthouse and we were the only Japanese who was there .
We became friends soon .
We became fast friends .
He is 27 , older than me by 6 years .
He is experienced backpacker .
He is an experienced backpacker .
He said He traveled around this world .
He said he traveled around the world .
His travel stories were really interesting and exciting .
We talked and stayed up late every night .
Especially I like His stories in Thailand and India .
I like his travel stories especially in Thailand and India .
That was really fun .
It was really fun .
When the last day of my stay there , He said He would plan to go to see Mt .
Kinabalu in Borneo Island .
Kinabalu in Sabah ( located in Borneo Island ) .
Today I read his blog .
It says He is in Isreal now .
He is now in Israel .
Then I know Backpacker is always freewheeling .
Then I know backpackers are always freewheeling .

The first diary
Hello , everybody
I 'm very surprised and happy to find such a wonderful website .
I have n't understood the system of this well yet , however , I ca n't help posting my first diary .
I do n't understand how it works yet , however , I ca n't help posting my first diary .
As for ordinary Japanese people , my English level is supposed to be high to some extent .
Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example , the customer or the documents from U .
Actually , everybody in my company counts on me when it comes to English , for example when working with customers or translating documents from the U .
But as you know , my writing ability is like a child play .
But as you can see , my writing ability is like childs play .
I 'm always dreaming to get my English composition proofread by English native speakers .
I 'm always dreaming about having my English compositions proofread by native English speakers .
If you notice something , for example , grammatical error , unnatural expression , please tell me .
If you notice something , for example , grammatical errors , or unnatural expressions , please tell me .
This time , I dare to write a diary without using my dictionary .
This time , I tried writing a diary without using my dictionary .
So the contents are probably poor . .

May it is sunny tommorrow . . .
May it be sunny tomorrow . . .
May it is sunny tommottow . . .
May it be sunny tomorrow . . .
I 'm planning to go climbing the mountain with friends tommorow .
I 'm planning to go hiking with friends tommorow .
I wish it 'll be sunny . .
I hope it 'll be sunny . .
or cloudy may be better because I do n't want to burn my skin so much .
The mountain is called `` OOYAMA `` which means a big mountain .
It is said from long time ago that you can be healthy and happy or your wis come true if you climb this mauntain .
It is said that you can be healthy and happy or your wish will come true if you climb this mountain .
On the top of mountain , there is a shrine contracted in 700 's .
On the top of mountain , there is a shrine built in the 700 's .
We , friends since Junigor high scholl , are very interested in this legend .
My junior high school friends and I are very interested in this legend .
Water , lunch , and own wish will be packd in our each backpack .
We will each pack water , lunch , and our wishes in our backpacks .
Because it has been raining for 3days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` wishing sunshine .
Because it has been raining for 3 days , I made `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` in hopes of sunshine .
They say it 'll be sunny if you make `` TERUTERU - BOZU `` .
It is old custom to make it in Japan although only children do it in these day . .
It is an old Japanese custom , although only children do it in these days . . .
so I may be child .
Photo No , 1 shows how it is hung on the window in my room .
Usually tit is hung under the roof , but I could ' nt do it .
Usually it is hung under the roof , but I could n't do it .
Phot No2 shows what TERUTERU - BOZU is like . is is made of paper and has eyes and mouth looking like joy .
They looks lik swimming in the watery sky now , but tommorrw . . they will be dancing in sunshine ! ^ ^

I went to a gym last night .
I joined an aerobics class .
Everyone who joined this class were very good .
Everyone who joined this class was very good .
Even midleage man was better than me !
Even a middle - aged man was better than me !
I am beginner .
I am a beginner .
When everyone jumped left , I jumped right .
Oh nooo .
I made mistakes a lot .
I made a lot of mistakes .
I wished I could sink into the floor .
It was very hard and I was very tired .
At any rate , it was fun !
I will join this class next time .

Do n't be such a smart person .
Hysterically , I am a well planned person so there are always full of schedules that keep me from anything spontaneous .
Historically / in the past * , I am a well planned person so there are always schedules that keep me from doing anything spontaneous .
So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets off such as reading a book , watching news , and writing anything .
So to speak , there are certain things I have to do almost every day before the sun sets , such as reading a book , watching news , and writing something .
Otherwise , I feel something wrong as if I did n't do a homework that would punish me when I finally hand out the empty note to a meticulous teacher .
Ironically , I find it enjoying hanging out with my friend who came here early morning , taking a whole day from me , doing something stupid such as killing flies , making me think what is more important .
Ironically , I found myself hanging out with my friend who came here in the early morning , taking a whole day from me . We did stupid things like killing flies , making me think of what is more important than that .
Do n't be such a smart person who might lose better things .

I am very stressful ~ now .
I am very stressed right now .
I spoke English today .
It is very difficult to say anything . .
It was very difficult to say anything so I used the wrong words .
so , I said English with wrong words . .
so , I spoke English incorrectly .
It was the kingdergardan level ~ ~ . .
It was the kindergarten level ~ ~ . .
It was kindergarten level .
English is very difficult .
When I talk , I forget what I say , ,
When I talk , I forget what to say .
Grammer was also wrong . .
My grammer was wrong too .
My grammar was also wrong .
I only say that `` I like ~ I want . . ``
I y could only say `` I like ~ I want . . ``
I could only say very simple things like `` I like ~ `` or `` I want . ``
very simple things . .
Only very simple things .
I felt very tired .
I felt very tired .

Beautiful flowers bloomed in the sky !
I want you to see these pictures .
It 's very lovely .
They 're very lovely .
It looks like some jewelries .
It looks like jewelry .
I took these on August 15 .
I thought there were about a hundred thousand people at the grounds .
I thought there were about a hundred thousand people on the ground .
I had never seen such a many people , so I was very surprised : ) .
I had never seen so many people , so I was very surprised : ) .
By the way , what do you like to do in summer ?
By the way , what do you like to do in the summer ?
Plese tell me : D
Please tell me : D

How are you doing ?
Yesterday , I went to Home Depo to buy a bag of soil and a planter .
Yesterday , I went to Home Depot to buy a bag of soil and a planter .
I wanted to do repotting of my roses .
I wanted to repot my roses .
I wanted to do some repotting of my roses .
The roses grew up and thir flowerpots are too small for them .
The roses grew and their flowerpots are too small for them .
The roses grew and their flowerpots are now too small for them .
And also I wanted to do sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .
And also I wanted to sow sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .
And also I wanted to do some sowing of sweet basil seeds and oregano seeds .
Oh , I just remember , I also bought a seat of starting pots for that herbs .
Oh , I just remembered , I also bought a set of starting pots forthose herbs .
After I got home , I started repotting and sowing .
It took long time to do that but I was happy , so I like gardening .
It took a long time to do that but I was happy , because I like gardening .
It took a long time to do but I was happy , because I like gardening .
Actually I just have
a patio , not garden .
a patio , not a garden .
I wanted to do sowing of Violas but starting pots was lack , so I would go to Home Depo again tomorrow .
I wanted to do sowing of Violas but I did n't have enoughstarting pots , so I will go to Home Depo again tomorrow .

sensitivity
I want to use the word `` sensitivity `` properly .
a ) I 'm lacking in the sensitivity to whether an expression is formal or informal .
a ) I 'm lacking the sensitivity needed to depict whether an expression is formal or informal .
b ) I have to cultivate ( enhance / enrich / sophisticate ) the sensitivity to others ' feelings .
b ) I have to have a sensitivity towards others , or girls wo n't like me .
Is there anything wrong with them ?
Particularly I want to know which verb is incorrect in ( b ) .

English skill
I do n't like leaning English in school by two years ago .
I did n't like to learn English in school two years ago .
I did n't like leaning English in school two years ago .
But , I became like to English because I began thinking by myself .
But , I came to like English because I began thinking by myself .
But , I came to like English on my own .
Lang - 8 is good place for languages leaning , and it give enjoyment to us .
Lang - 8 is good place for learning languages , and it gives us enjoyment .
Lang - 8 is good place for language leaning , and it give us enjoyment .
I 'm able keep at it .
I 'm able to keep at it .
I hope I will be able to keep hold to it .

My name is Adrian but my friends call me Adi .
I 'm an 18 years old boy and I live at Romania .
I am a beginer at learning english , and I want to improve .
This is the reason why I created an account on this site .
I hope you will help me .
Thank you .

human relations
I think it is difficult to communicate with others .
Especially , in company , there are many relations .
Especially , in the company , there are many relations .
For example , there are my boss , my superiors and my juniors .
I want to know how does communicate with each other in foreign countries .
I want to know how people communicate with each other in foreign countries .
It does n't mean I 'm not going well .
It does n't mean I 'm not doing well .
I 'm confused because there are various people , and many thoughts .

Unfortunately . . .
I think I cought a cold : - (
I think I caught a cold : - (
. . in LA . . . omgomgomgomg . . . !
I took a medicine , but I still feel bad .
I took some medicine , but I still feel bad .
I should sleep today . . . : - (
Yesterday , I went to the shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .
Yesterday , I went to a shopping mall called `` Dessert Hills `` and I found a lot of reasonable clothes , bags , shoes and so on .
I bought a lot of stuffs and walked a lot . . .
I bought a lot of stuff and walked a lot . . .
that 's why I 'm sick now . lol
But I had a great time !
Now , I 'm gon na go to sleep . . . .
at school
I 'm at school now .
It is cold this morning !
So I wore a sweater .
Have a good day ; )

Self - introduction
My name is Ella , I 'm Chinese name 's Momeifen .
My name is Ella . I 'm Chinese and my Chinese name 's Momeifen .
I 'm twenty years old .
I words in An e - commerce company .
I work in an e - commerce company .
I like to make friends .
I like English , but did not and I communicate in English , my English has been declining .
I like English , but I do n't speak in English regularly , so my English has been declining .
So I hope you can understand a lot of foreign friends .
I hope you can understand this

Drinking party
Because of medicine I was not able to drink alcohol , I wanted to drink , though .
I was n't able to drink alcohol because of medicine . I wanted to drink , though .
But I enjoyed drinking party !
But I enjoyed the drinking party !
Although I want to write its contents more , I am sleeping . . .
Although I want to write more about it , I am sleepy
Good night .

What I did today
My son got sleep at long last .
He took a bath at seven , but he did n't try to get to bed .
Because he still want to play .
Because he still wanted to play .
I regretted to keep putting him down for 3 hours during the day .
It has been raining since this morning .
So , the temperature got down as compared with yesterday .

I always watch TV at Saturday night .
I always watch TV on a Saturday night .
I ca n't watch TV weekday , Because I am working weekday .
I ca n't watch TV on weekdays Because I am working .
I like comedy story and history story .
I like comedy story and history story .

Child 's First Errand
How old were you when you first went on an errand ?
Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's or girl 's first errands .
Today , I enjoyed a TV program about little boy 's and girl 's first errands .
Children who appear on this TV program laugh , cry and go shopping .
Their parents send children on their first errand .
Their parents send them on their first errand .
It 's so funny really .
This TV program reminds me of my first errand . haha .
* * * To me , the new Lang - 8 design is not easy to use . . . * * *
PART - 2

New computer
I bought a new notebook PC .
It 's a little bit expensive for me , but I 'm so happy to get it .
It was a little bit expensive for me , but I was so happy to get it .
I carry it anywhere , and show it to my friends .
I carry it everywhere , and show it to my friends .
They were interested in my notebook and touched it .
I decided that I manage it as carefully not to break .
I decided that I 'd manage it carefully to not break it .

Epitome of Cool
Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watching a movie .
Sometimes , When I get back from college , I feel that I can do absolutely nothing but watch a movie .
I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'll have to start studying again or going to college .
I feel so exhausted but I can not sleep because If I slept then when I wake up , I 'd have to start studying again or go to college .
Watching a movie is like the fun pause between two busy periods .
Yesterday , I watched a movie called The Expendables .
It 's an action movie .
It did n't wow me really , not like Inception anyway , because its story was n't strong or strange enough .
It was very plain and straight forward .
The ending was great , though .
Jason Statham recited a piece of poetry that made it a funny ending .
There is only one line I did n't understand .
What is the ``
Epidemy of Cool
Epitome of Cool
Here is ending .
Here is the ending .
The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .
The afterquake is still happening in Japan , Kanto area .
Aftershocks are still occuring in Japan in the Kanto area .
But the stuation is being recovering by helping not only Japanese but aloso all over the world .
But the stuation is being recovered by help not only from other Japanese but also from countries all over the world .
Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at Fukushima reactor .
Unfortunately , we ca n't say there is no problem at the Fukushima reactor .
Now I 'm in Nagoya , Aichi .
I am going to move out to Saitama ( Kanto area ) from here just because I study at the university in Saitama .
I am going to move out to Saitama ( in the Kanto area ) from where I currently live just because I study at the university in Saitama .
I 'm very worry about the radiation .
I 'm very worried about the radiation .
And Kanto area reaches the electronic shortage .
We do n't know when the situation recover perfectly .
We do n't know when the situation will recover perfectly .

I might have suffered from heatstroke .
I might have suffered from heatstroke .
I felt dizzy and had to cool my bedroom down .
Then I drank of bottle of Pocari Sweat and slept for a while .
So I 'm fine now .

Exams . . . .
The worst thing in life : (
Good morning : )
Exams are the worst thing in life : D , It really is
I know that It is essential but It make me really stressed out : (
I Love to learn new things especially languages but I want to learn it because I want to not because I have to , you know
The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watch the time go away
The worst thing in the world is sitting in a room with only your pen and watching the time go away
What if I do n't remember what I have studied because of stress and worry !
But whatever I will do my best and try to work hard enough to do well in these exams , hopefully : D
Prey for me : D : D
Pray for me : D : D

Reading Books in a bath
Reading Books in the Bath
I really like reading books .
My precious time is the time when I read books taking a bath !
My favorite time is when I read books while taking a bath !
I usually take a bath more than half an hour .
I usually take a bath for more than half an hour .
After my families go to bed , I concentrate in reading books .
Nothing bothers me , I can be absorbed in books .
However , I have to be careful , or books will swell up .
I read documentaries , science fictions , mysteries . . .
and many more .
But I do n't like love stories .
I think knowing others ' love affair does n't make any sense for me .
I think reading about others ' love affairs does n't make any sense for me .
I like the stories which can not be expected and be like a roller
I like the stories that are unexpected / surprising , like a roller - coaster .
coaster .

Earthquake aftershock
After great earthquake happened , I often feel shaking though it 's not earthquake .
I thought earthquake is coming when I wash my face in the morning .
I expected an earthquake would occur while I was washing my face in the morning .
I 'm so nervous at earthquake .
I 'm so nervous about earthquakes .
I made an emergency bag in case .
I prepared an emergency bag in case .
And I have to fix my furnitures to stop slipping .
And I have to fix my furnitures to prevent from slipping .
Preparing in case is very important .
I learned it .

my weekend
Good morning !
Last weekend was very nice !
On Friday I went with my class and my teacher to the Botanical Garden .
It is very nice .
It was very nice .
We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a smoll lunch
We walked around the garden , we saw the animals and differents trees ; we had a small lunch

I want to improve myself .
Do you like making a plan to do something ?
I like making a plan , but I ca n't fulfill my plan .
I like making a plan , but I ca n't follow my plan .
For example , I like making a schedule of one day .
I write something to do for one day on a notebook , and I try to fulfill them .
For three days I can keep my schedule , but after three days I ca n't do that .
I think I 'm a lazy person , so I tend to choose an easy way .
I think I 'm a lazy person , so I tend to choose an easy way out .
I want to do many things for one day .
I want to do many things in one day .
Maybe I 'm greedy , and want to try too many things .
On the other hand , I think I spend too many hours to use a computer .
On the other hand , I think I spend too many hours using the computer .
I like checking SNS sites .
It is fun indeed , but it is waste time for me .
It is fun indeed , but it is a waste of time for me .
If I quite checking sites so many often , I think I can save my time more .
If I stop checking sites so often , I think I can save more time .
Then I can do another things .
I need to reconsider about how to use a time .
I need to reconsider how I use / manage my time .
Though I 'm not good at using a time at all , I want to try to be good at using a time .
Though I 'm not good at managing my time at all , I want to try to be good at it .
I must make a good schedule which I never give up on it way to .
I will make a good schedule which I will follow .
I want to have more strong mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control a time , not time control me .
I want to have stronger mind to keep my schedule , and I want to control my time , not let time control me .

Halloween
Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote the last diary here .
Hi everyone it 's been a while since I wrote my last diary here .
I 'd like to write about my first Halloween .
We do n't celebrate ancestors or dead like the way western people do .
My city has Gozan no okuribi .
But it 's like
I had a so much fun this Halloween .
On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond hair girl .
On Friday I was Scream and on Saturday I was a blond haired girl .
It remind me high school festival .
It reminded me of a high school festival .
I saw a lot of funny costumes on the street which has a lot of clubs .
What I found through clubing as a girl is some guys are so disgusting ! !
What I found through clubing as a girl is that some guys are so disgusting ! !
Especially one guy who try to dance with me was so disgusting ! !
Especially one guy who tried to dance with me was so disgusting ! !
He was getting too close and touch my ass with his leg even I 'm a man .
He was getting too close and touching my ass with his leg even though I 'm a man .
Here is a funny story .
On Saturday we went to a club after drinking .
The club has some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .
The club had some small stages and I was dancing on it then a guy came to dance with me .
He did n't notice that I 'm also a man .
After 5 or 10 minutes dance , at last he noticed I 'm a man .
After 5 or 10 minutes of dancing , at last he noticed that I was a man .
He was like ' OMG ! ! ' n hold his head .
He was like ' OMG ! ! ' n held his head .
Anyway I enjoyed a lot ! !
Anyway I enjoyed it a lot ! !
How was your Halloween ? ?
What was your costume ? ?
How do you deal with that kind of guy in a club ? ?
Thank you for reading ! ! : )
It would be great if you leave a comment or corrections .

Simplification
I wasted too much time on watching Youtube .
I wasted too much time watching Youtube .
I watched without any want to watch .
I watched without any real desire to watch .
That 's a kind of ' inertia ' .
Most of the videos are less enjoyable .
Political ones are always full of childish swearings .
Political ones often are full of childish swearing .
I do n't want to regard these comments as representing the average intellectual level of the viewer as a whole .
I had to shft to better one , more fruitful one , even obeying that inertia .
Then , I found a Japanese TV program introducing Wittgenstein 's ' Tractatus Logico - philosophicus ' .
I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the initial and threw up .
I was interested in how they explain the book which I read few years ago ( in Japanese ) only the begining and gave up .
But that program was trashy ; it simplified the discussion too much , and pretended that the matter is really simple .
I found that those who swearing or explaining are not only simplifying the matter too much , but also tending to neglect what is really not simple .
These neglections are sometimes violent .
These oversights are sometimes massive .
Of course , any understanding of objects may involve some simplification ( as I 'm doing now ) .
But it never means that the objects themselves are really simple .
We just have simple ideas about complex objects .
Although I do n't understand Wittgenstein 's that book , it seemed that he did n't distinguish between ideas and objects .
It gave me a sense of strangeness .
I know there are a lot of things which I does n't understand yet .
And I will never understand all , of course .

`` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal group .
`` Exile `` is the one of the most famous vocal groups in Japan .
But today , I 'll introduce you very rare unit `` Okaxile `` .
But today , I 'll introduce to you a very rare unit `` Okaxile `` .
The first person on this video is Okamura who is a member of Japanese comedy couple `` Ninety - nine ``
And he lead the dance at this music .
And he leads the dance in this song .
From what I hear , I do n't know if it 's true , he was a famous dancer in his hometown .
He joined Exile at this moment and danced with them .
He had funny and intersting dance .
He has a funny and interesting dance .
You can check other videos about Okaxile .
You can check other videos of Okaxile .
I hope you enjoy this video .

I 'm really into this song recently .
It 's been a while since I wrote diary on lang - 8 .
It 's been a while since I wrote a diary on lang - 8 .
It 's been a while since I wrote an entry on lang - 8 .
Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles 's `` Hit the Road Jack `` song recentry .
Well , _ I 'm into Ray Charles 's song _ `` Hit the Road Jack `` _ recently .
Well , I 'm into the Ray Charles song `` Hit the Road Jack `` recently .
This youtube video is so good at symphony of music and image .
This Youtube video has such a good symphony of music and such good images .
By the way , What can I say when things is so good ?
By the way , _ what can I say when something is very good ?
By the way , what can I say when things are really good ?
I imagine only `` cool `` or `` awesome `` or `` dope `` .
I imagine only `` cool `` or `` awesome `` or `` dope `` .
Plese tell me if there is anything else often - used words that means so good .
Plese tell me if there are any other often - used words that mean `` very good . ``
Plese tell me if there are any other frequently used words that mean so good .
Please tell me if there are any other often - used words that mean `` very good . ``

It is only 10 days left for this year .
There are only 10 days left of this year .
Thereare only 10 days left until the new year .
Time fries like an arrow .
Time flies like an arrow .
This year , I have challenged to study English again .
This year , I have taken up the challenge of learning English again .
This year , I have challenged myself to study English again .
It is really thanks for my wife , has started learning English .
It is really thanks for my wife , who has started learning English .
We have enjoyed it .
We 've really enjoyed this experience .
We will be continued to learn English next year and after .
We will continue learning English next year and after .
We will be continue to learn English next year and onwards .

The fall in Korea
23rd October .
Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang is located in southern Korea with my camera .
Suddenly , I 've departed for DamYang , located in southern Korea , with my camera .
In my plan .
- First , I go to GwangJu by bicycle .
- First , I 'll go to GwangJu by bicycle .
- Second , when I arrive on GwangJu , I stay a nigt in GwangJu .
- In the early moring next day , I depart for DamYang .
- And I visit Metasequoia street , Bamboo park , River forest and Bamboo museum .
But . . . .
My plan was break down at second .
That 's why my bicycle was stolen at GwangJu .
Inevitably , I should go to DamYang by bus .
Inevitably , I had to go to DamYang by bus .
. . . . . .
Althogh I failed my plan and I was lonely , I 'm satisfied my travle because There is good landscape .
I 'm attaching some of photo is I 've taken in DamYang .
I will show a soccer at midnight
Today is Asia Champion League first match .
Today is the Asia Champion League 's first match .
My team stay at Kuwait , IN PM 10 : 00 .
My team will play in Kuwait at 10 PM , Kuwait time .

the new in the lang - 8
Today , I become a member of lang - 8 .
I really need help .
My gramma is very poor , and my poor gramma always drives my SAT gramma teacher crazy .
My grammar is very poor , and my poor grammar always drives my SAT grammar teacher crazy .
And I will take the SAT2 on May 7th .
This is a little bite hard for me because I have to deal with the tasks in school those which surrounds the college entrance exam in China too .
So I want to find some friends on this web site to offer me some help .

Finished one of my works ! !
Finished one of my jobs ! !
My sister asked me to translate some documents into
Korean since Korean often come to my sister 's work place .
Korean since its common in my sister 's work place .
Luckyily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it asking
Luckily , I have some Korean friends so I worked on it while asking
my frineds weather the translation is correct or not .
my friends whether the translation is correct or not .
I was really really sensitive at work because this is a national
I was really really cautious at translating this because it 's a national
related documents , which means I was not allowed to make
mistakes ! !
I 'm sure there were some mistakes .
It 's impossible to grip the nuance perfectly since I 'm Japanese . !
this is just the execuse .
this is just an excuse .
( laughing laughing )
Anyway I did my best more than I could and finished .
Anyway I did my best and finished .
I feel so comfortable now ! ! ! ! !
Year ! ! !

Keeping a diary is difficult to me .
Keeping a diary is difficult for me .
I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not simple thing to me .
I want to keep a diary everyday , but it is not a simple thing for me .
I know the reason , so I hope to correct the reason this time .
I also hope to improve my poor English ability this time .
Please correct my sentence or grammar .
I think I have poor English grammar ability , so thank you very much for your advice .
I think my English ability is poor , so thank you very much for your advice .
Thank you !

I ate a pizza for dinner yesterday
It was a mergherita pizza .
It was a margherita pizza .
I like a cheeze and a basil .
I like cheeze and a basil .
I want to ate it again someday .
I want to eat it again someday .

General roles for the timing to make money in the Tokyo stock exchange
I believe and we can make money by trading Tokyo stocks according to the following roles :
Japanese stocks fall afternoon of Friday and get back every Monday morning , because many Japanese traders are more pessimistic than others .
So it is good time to buy stocks Friday afternoon and sell them Monday morning .
The movement during the first 30 minutes after the stock market opening is controlled by the dominant tendency made by the US traders .
The stock prices rise on the next days after Japanese national holidays , vacation weeks ( April 29th to May 5th in spring ; around August 15th in summer ; 19th o 23th September in fall ; 28th December to 3rd January in winter ) .
So primarily we can buy stocks at the day just before the vacations and sell them at the next days after holidays except the year end .
In the case of the year end , we need to sell stocks whose quotes are lower than the original ones because we can reduce the capital gain tax by reporting the loss to the Japanese IRS .
The best time for buying stocks is 10 : 30 or 2 : 30 , whereas that for selling stocks is 9 : 00 to 9 : 05 or 2 : 55 to 2 : 59 .

Today 's lunch at McDonald ' s
Today , I had lunch at McDonald 's near my university with my friend .
We sat outdoor seats .
We sat in outdoor seats .
Today is hot and sunlight is strong .
Today , it is hot and the sun is shining
Today is hot and the sunlight is strong .
So , I got sunburned a little .
So , I got sunburned a little .
I felt summer will come soon in Japan .
I feel summer will come soon in Japan .
I like winter than summer .
I like winter more than summer .
I like winter more than summer .
So , I hope that summer will pass fast .
So , I hope that summer will pass quickly .

Strange Japanes custom ?
Strange Japanese customs ?
Strange Japanese Customs ?
An interesting TV show was aired last Saturday .
An interesting TV show aired last Saturday .
It was about what foreigners are wondering while they live in Japan .
It is natural for us , but they think it seems strange .
One of them is drinking alchole outside , because most countries do n't seem to be allowed to drink .
One of them is drinking alchole alcohol outside , because most countries do n't seem to allow this .
One example is drinking alcohol outside . Most countries it appears , does n't allow drinking outside .
It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a lot of fuss once a year outside .
It is not a smart behavior in Japan either , but we have a big fuss once a year outside .
In Japan , we do create quite a fuss at least once a year .
It is hanami .
During that season , no one pay much attention even we are drunk , make noise .
During that season , no one pays much attention even we are drunk , and make noise .
During that season , no one pays much attention even while they are are drunk . They make quite a bit of noise .
The next moment we rather become friends with other groups enjoying over there .
The next moment we rather become friends with other groups that are enjoying themselves around us .
Before we know it , we are becoming friends with other groups celebrating .
In Japan , strange custom is remained as for hanami .
In Japan , there are strange customs as mentioned above , like hanami .
When we have hanami , we have to get place before starting .
During hanami , we have to find a place before starting .
Usually new employees are asked to sit on a blue sheet for hours to occupy a nice place .
It seems to be their first task .
It seems to be highest priority .
So , whenver I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .
So , whenever I pass by , I am sure they must be new employees .

Today , my country is rainy .
Today , my country is raining .
Yesterday , I went to see .
Very hot , and It was dry .
It was very hot and dry .
All my rotations are interesting summer vacations .
But , we have to finish term examination .
Unfortunately , we have to finish term examinations .
Please give me power !
I can not come to here for around 2 weeks .
I can not come on here for around 2 weeks .
If a test is over , I come again .
If a test is over , I will come again .
see you .

About my friend in Oshima
My friend works in Oshima .
Oshima is a small island nearest to Tokyo in Japan .
We were classmates in college as an undergraduate .
Two months ago I went Oshima to meet him .
He was fine but bored with his work .
He has worked at a customer service representative about an insurance .
He has worked as a customer service representative about insurance .
He has worked as a customer service representative for insurance .
Since few customers come there , he has nothing to do for a long time .
So he will try to study about something in that his time .
So he will try to study something in that time .
But he has no idea that he should study about .
But he has no idea what he should study .
But he has no idea what he should study .
Japanese economy is so bad now .
At the moment , the Japanese economy is bad
The Japanese economy is so bad now .
We are concerned about when we lose our job .
We are concerned about losing our jobs .
We are concerned about losing our jobs .
If he lost his currently job , he would n't know what he should do .
If he loses his current job , he would n't know what to do .
If he lost his current job , he would n't know what to do .
I recommended that he study English or Chinese with me .
I wish we were on lang - 8 .

Now , Wii my house .
Now , the Wii is at my house .
My university friend forgot to take it home .
Recent TV game is amazing .
The recent TV game is amazing .
Recent video game is amazing .
It is very convenient to codeless .
It is very convenient that its cordless .
It is very convenient that it 's cordless .
Spree from my house after an hour , so we 'd like to play while drinking .
By the way , dou you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?
By the way , do you know ' Lucky Taxi ' ?
Yesterday , I took a taxi , driver give me a card . ( picture )
Yesterday , I took a taxi , the driver give me a card . ( picture )
Yesterday , I took a taxi , and the driver gave me a card . ( picture )
It was a little happy day .
It was a somewhat happy day .
It was a pretty good day .

I tried to make sentences . 1
Hello ! !
Everyone !
Are these sentences OK ? ? : )
Are these sentences correct ?
Children cry to turn mother 's attention to them .
Children cry to get / attract their mother 's attention
Children cry to get their mother 's attention .
Switch off the light when you go to bed .
I use an e - mail to keep in touch with my old friend .
Sadly , my dad is going bald recently . lol

Can anyone help ?
The following is my friend 's diary .
He is a junior high school student and studying English .
Can you give him any advice ?
Sunday Feb 21
I got up at nine .
I ate rice and miso soup .
Today , I was very free .
Today , I had a lot of free time .
So , I thought that what to do .
So , I thought about what I would do .
Then , I remembered very important thing .
Then , I remembered a very important thing .
My room is so messy because I was busy recently .
That my room was very messy , because I ' v been busy recently .
So , I clened my room very hard .
So , I worked very hard to clean my room .
I was too tired .
I was really tired afterwards .
Tuesday Feb 23
I got up at seven .
I ate rice and miso soup .
I went to school .
Today first period was `` C .
T `` is challange time .
T `` it was a challenging time .
Second period was English .
It 's easy for me to study it .
It 's easy for me to study .
Third period was P .
I enjoyed playing table tennis .
Fourth period was fine arts .
I do n't like fine arts .
Fifth period was science .
I do n't like science too .
I do n't like science as well .
Sixth period was math .
I like math .
I came back to home .
I went back home .
I went to a park ,
I then went to the park .
So , I enjoyed playing soccer and baseball with my friends .
I enjoyed playing soccer and baseball with my friends .
I was very tired .
And also , can anyone answer this ?
Which is correct ?
It 's getting dark .
It ( is able to / may ) rain at any moment .
It may rain at any moment .
I will ( call by / call up / call off / call at ) Tom to tell him that we are coming .
Please lend me a pen to write ( with / on ) .
Please lend me a pen to write with .
Thank you for reading !

It seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .
When I went to school , today also there were only a few students in the classroom .
I 'm no longer suprised that situation .
I 'm no longer suprised about that situation .
All I want to know is that why they could n't come to my calss .
All I want to know is the reason why they could n't come to my calss .
I asked someone about why they were not here .
I asked someone about the reason why they were not here .
He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were in under the punishment .
He explaned the reason in Swahili , so I was n't able to understand , but I realized that they were being punished .
Almost all students . 3 / 4 .
Do you remember my journal which I wrote 2 days ago ?
Do you remember my journal entry that I wrote 2 days ago ?
About the CHOTA MAJI .
Today 's calss is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .
Today 's class is the same class which I was n't able to teach them because of CHOTA MAJI .
Today 's class is the same class which I was n't able to teach because of CHOTA MAJI .
So , They are turned over the progress of classwork .
As I was thinking what can I do to keep up with other class , one of the class member proposed to have a class at night .
I do n't have any option , so it seems that I should teach my students at 8 : 00 pm tonight .
Tanzanian students are differ from Korean students .
Tanzanian students are different from Korean students .
Option : Tanzanian students differ from Korean students .
When I was in Korea , if we skipped the calss because of other affairs , they seemed very happy .
When I was in Korea , if we skipped the class because of other affairs , they seemed very happy .
However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the calss .
However , in here , my students do n't want to skip the class .
Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied of my students who listened devouring every word .
Whenever I have a class at night ( actually , sometimes we have an extra class at night like today ) , I was satisfied with my students who listened devouring every word .
I love my students ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Broken . .
My MP4 is broken .
I can ' t live without music !
So I have to dug my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .
So I have to dig out my first MP3 ( 1GB ) out from my drawer .
But it can only input about two hundred and fifty songs .
Well , it can not satisfied me .
Well , it ca n't satisfy me .
Well , it can not Satisfy me .
When will my P4 come back ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ? ?
The classes these days are difficult for me , so I have to study very hard . .
And I fall in love with the liberary in our school ! ! !
And I fell in love with the library at our school ! ! !
And I fall in love with the Library in our school ! ! !
I always stay there for a long time all day .
I always stay there for a long time
By the way , listen to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )
By the way , listening to music there is also a good choice ~ ( ha , ha )

Do you take a nap ?
Do you take naps ?
I 'm always sleepy after eating lunch .
I used to lie down on the sofa after finishing it .
I used to lie down on the sofa after eating .
Recently I read a book about the digestion .
Recently I read a book about digestion .
Acording to this , taking a nap is not good for digestion .
According to the book , taking a nap is not good for digestion .
It recomends us that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep ,
It says that even if we are sleepy after lunch , we should not sleep .
and if we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget our sleepness .
If we get very sleepy , we should go for a walk to forget about our sleepiness .
Finally I decided to practice it .
Finally I decided to try it .
After lunch of today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .
After lunch today , I brought the book to the sofa and began to read it .
But two hours later I found I had been sleeping until that time .
But two hours later I found I had been sleeping for that time .
I went to sleep after all today too .
After all that , I went to sleep today too .
I wonder I will be able to stay up tomorrow .
I wonder if I will be able to stay up tomorrow .

The entrance exam season
The entrance exam season has arrived .
My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting her results .
My sister took entrance exams a few days ago , and she 's waiting for her results .
My brother will take it in this Friday .
My brother will take it this Friday .
My sister is university , my brother is high school .
My sister is at a university , my brother is in high school .
I need to care for them .

The Sign of Recovery
Despite some analysts say that Japan has been at the bottom of the depression , I agree with the opinion that our country starts to show the sign of recovery from the damage caused by the earthquake .
There are two evidences for this : movements and discussions .
First , I can see some movements of peoples to recover from the damage now .
First , I can see some movements of peoples who have recovered from the damage now .
For example , there is the movement to buy the commodities made in Fukushima .
When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was depressed strongly .
When the earthquake had happened , the economic activity was strongly depressed .
We thought that it was not good to have a satisfied days when people in the damaged area were suffered .
We thought that it was not good to have satisfied days when people in the damaged area have suffered .
Therefore , we stop buying commodities , especially luxuriant items .
As a result , the economy of Japan got stagnant .
Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was more bad for the recovery of Tohoku area .
Although that , we have already realized that the stagnant economy was even worst for the recovery of the Tohoku area .
We have to spur the economy to supply works and money in the area .
Because of this reason , the movement has happened .
Second , the discussions about the plans how we recover from the earthquake has been activated .
For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on Japanese newspapers frequently .
For instance , the usages of the area contaminated by the nuclear energy are now discussed on the Japanese newspapers frequently .
Some scientists advocate that that area should be used as the plants of the solar energy because the area is not good for living and there are a serious shortfall of electric energy .
Such discussions are able to be heard around Japan now .
All in all , Japan is trying to recover from the stunned situation now .
I hope Japan will recover from this situation and reply other countries for their helps in the future .
I hope Japan will recover from this situation and reply on other countries for their helps in the future .

Jpanese energy policy
Japan 's energy policy
By the great big earth quake in March 11 , Japanese energy policy has changed drastically .
Because of the great big earthquake on March 11th , Japanese energy policies have changed drastically .
Many people claim that `` we should not use nuclear power plant ! !
Many people claim that `` We should not use nuclear power plants ! ! ``
`` It 's true that radiation pollute people or vegetables , soil , air and sea more or less .
It 's true that radiation impacts people , vegetables , soil , air and the sea .
However , I do n't think that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .
However , I do n't think that nuclear power plants should be stopped immediately .
According to today 's newspaper , if we continue current policy , ( now 34 power plants are stopped among 54 ) it is definitely Japanese economic make worse .
Because if we ca n't use electricity fully , electricity fee will increase and some corporation decide their factory to move foreign country .
If we ca n't use electricity to the full extent , electricity fees will increase and some corporations might decide to move their factories to a foreign country .
Then , Japanese employment will face great big difficulty .
If that happens , Japan 's employment rate will face great difficulty .
Most of Japanese people ca n't speak English .
Most Japanese people ca n't speak English .
So if we lose our employer , we ca n't have job !
So if we lose our employers , we ca n't get jobs !
The important point is `` order `` .
I agree that Japanese energy souse will change to natural resource but I advocate that our most important thing now on is to ensure of our electricity .
After that , we change our electricity souse to natural one .
After that , we can change our electricity source into a natural one .
We do n't have to change our energy policy if we ca n't do that safely .
We should n't change our energy policy if we ca n't do it safely .
From this reason , I do n't agree that nuclear power plant should stop immediately .
This is the thing which often Japanese wives say `` Which is important I ' am or your work ! `` .
This is like the thing which Japanese wives often say : `` Which is more important ? Me or your work ? ! `` .
It 's same question .
It 's the same kind of question .

I tutor a 9 - grade student in math because of the upcoming senior high school entrance exam .
Yet she always answer wrong at the same questions that I had taught several times , like negative number multiply by negative number is positive number .
She always answers incorrectly at the same questions that I had taught several times , like a negative number multiplied by a negative number is a positive number .
After today 's tuition , she will go to a karaoke with her classmates .
She just casually answered the questions and sort of appeared impatient , which made me sort of angry .
She just casually answered the questions and sort of appeared impatient , which made me sort of angry .
Yet I has reflected on myself of my behavior back home .
Yet , I have reflected on my behavior back home .
Not everyone is good at math or should be a mathematician or something like that .
I should have more patience .

Kinect the game with funny guys
At the July 4th party , one of my friends brought Kinect which is a body motion sensing gaming device for XBOX360 .
I heard that before but I 've never played it and every one over there neither .
I had heard of it before but I 've never played it and neither had any one over there .
After having a beerpong , many people played with it but a funny thing happened on that day .
After playing beerpong , many people played with it but a funny thing happened on that day .
Two guys were completing against each other for running in an athletic game .
Two guys were competing against each other , racing in an athletic game .
Both of them does not know how to run in the game exactly .
Neither of them knew how exactly to run in the game .
One of the guy tries to run by lifting up his knees a lot and the others are not .
One of the guy tried to run by lifting up his knees a lot and the others did not .
Actually , it requires lifting up their knees higher enough to make Kinect senser to sense their move , so he was correct and keep the fastest speed in the race .
Actually , it requires lifting up their knees high enough to make the Kinect sensor to sense their move , so he was correct and had fastest speed in the race .
However , the problem is he is a bit too serious so he started moving toward the TV monitor little by little , then finally he slipped on a floor and fell down .
However , the problem is he was a bit too serious so he started moving toward the TV monitor little by little , then finally he slipped on a floor and fell down .
As the result , suddenly he became 7th in the race which is the second from last .
As a result , suddenly he became 7th in the race which is the second from last .
On the other hand , while he is running seriously is falling down , the other guy is keep running , but since he did not lift his knees up , so he kept the booby in the race - until the other guy fell down .
So , the race turns out really funny one since one guy fell down and the other guy runs his slow pace .
So , the race turned out really funny since one guy fell down and the other guy ran at a slow pace .
It resulted in getting 7th and 8th .
They ended up getting 7th and 8th .
Everyone started laughing and I was feeling like a documentary of a race with a guy who did n't give up even though he fell down in a middle of the race and a guy who keeps running slowly but never give up .
Everyone started laughing and I was feeling like it was a documentary of a race with a guy who did n't give up even though he fell down in a middle of the race and a guy who kept running slowly but never gave up .
Anyway , it 's a one of funniest moment ever .
Be careful during running even though it 's a game .
Be careful running even though it 's a game .
The happiest day of the week
I feel happy when Friday night comes .
The reason is very simple : I do n't have to worry whether I can awake in the morning the next day .
These days , this is becoming the happiest moment for me .
^ ^ It seems nothing , but very real happiness to me .
^ ^ It seems like nothing , but it brings very real happiness to me .
Thanks to my current boss , I 'm enjoying my work although I have tons of it .
He 's really good at asking someone to do work .
I want to get his techniques someday .
At the same time , I want to get how to say no gently because I want to have much happier moment than sleeping in the morning !
At the same time , I want to learn how to say no gently because I want to have much happier moments other than sleeping in the morning !
My little sister .
I have two sisters and one brother .
I 'm their older sister .
I 'm their elder sister .
And today our youngest sister has her sixth birthday .
I do n't know what gifts prepared my parents .
I do n't know what gifts my parents prepared .
I sewed her a new coverlet ( I do n't know which word to choose .
It 's covered bed over all other sings , like blanket ) .
In the evening we will nave a little party with barbeque .
In the evening we will have a little barbecue .
Many children like fried sausages very much .
And of course there will be some our friends with their kids .
And of course , some of our friends will be here with their kids .

UW means University of Washington , which locates in a beautiful city whose name is Seattle .
UW stands for University of Washington , which is located in a beautiful city named Seattle .
I am here attending in a class that is ARW4 .
Before I went to school this morning , I spent one hour jogging around a big lack which is Green Lake near my neighborhood .
Before I went to school this morning , I spent one hour jogging around a big lake called Green Lake near my neighborhood .
It 's one of my regular hobby and sometimes it 's hard for anyone who can not believe a girl who does this kind of work everyday , but I do exacully .

Balloon lecturer .
I went to balloon lecyurer as an assistant in `` OMOCHA OUKOKU `` .
I went to balloon lecturer as an assistant at `` OMOCHA OUKOKU `` .
I went to a balloon lecture as an assistant at `` OMOCHA OUKOKU `` .
`` OMOCHA OUKOKU `` is an amusement park .
A main lecturer was `` DOISAN `` from `` MAGIC POT `` .
The main lecturer was `` DOISAN `` from `` MAGIC POT `` .
`` MAGIC POT `` is my office .
But today is rainy day and yet many audience participated balloon lecturer .
Although today was a rainy day , many people participated in the balloon lecture .
Almost all the audience is family .
Almost all of the audience was comprised of families .
I difficult to lecyurer for small children .
It was difficult to lecture to small children .

I Miss You In Loneliness
I Miss You In Loneliness
We live in the world for reasons , some of us live only to live up with their parents and so on .
We live in the world for reasons , some of us live only to live with their parents and so on .
We continue to live in this world for certain reasons , some of us live for their parents and so on .
I am no one of them , but I also miss someone with heart and soul when I feel lonely .
I am not one of them , but I miss someone with my heart and soul when I feel lonely .
I am not one of them , but there is someone I also miss deeply , with my heart and soul , when I feel lonely .
The first one comes to my mind is my grandma .
The first one who comes to my mind is my grandma .
The first person who comes to mind is my Grandma .
My mother suicided herself when I was only a baby born one year and since my father worked far far away in the town , I was brought up by Grandma .
My mother committed suicide when I was only one year old , and since my father worked far far away in a town , I was brought up by my Grandma .
My mother committed suicide when I was only one year old and since my father worked in a town far , far away , I was raised by my Grandma .
As a child , being naughty , I brought about a lot trouble to Grandma , sometimes I even broken her heart .
As a child , being naughty , I brought about a lot trouble to Grandma , sometimes I even broke her heart .
I was a naughty child and brought a lot of trouble to my Grandma , sometimes I even broke her heart .
Every time I go home , she always says that : `` Oh , my son !
Every time I go home , she always says : `` Oh , my son !
You are so thin and more than ever ! `` And then makes good dishes for me .
You are so thin , more than ever ! `` And then she makes great food for me .
That 's Grandma , in whose heart , I am always a child .
That 's my Grandma , in whose heart , I am always a child .
In my Grandma 's heart , I am always a child .
Then I think of my father .
Then I think of my father .
About 7 years old , I went to a primary school in the town and lived with my father in his school .
When I was about 7 years old , I went to a primary school in town and lived with my father in his school .
Grandma made me a human and Father made me a person .
Grandma made me human and Father made me a person .
He always encourages me that I am the best one in the world , if only I can hold on , I can get whatever I want .
He always encourages me saying that I am the best son in the world , if only I can persevere , I can achieve whatever I want .
He always encourages me and tells me that I am the best in the world , if only I can hold on , I can get whatever I want .
In my 16s , I did a lot of bad things , but they never abandon me .
While I was 16 , I did a lot of bad things , but they never abandoned me .
So here I want to tell you how much I love .
So here I want to tell you how much I love them .

Rota Island
Last week , I traveled to Rota Island .
It is a small island between Saipan and Guam .
There are far less tourists than Saipan or Guam .
There are far less tourists on that island than Saipan or Guam .
There are far less tourists there than Saipan or Guam .
There is no shopping mall , no duty free stores but full of natures .
There is no shopping mall , no duty free stores but there are a lot of natural places there .
There is no shopping mall , no duty free stores but you can get closer to nature there .
You may feel bored if you like modern cities but I love there .
You may feel bored if you like modern cities but I love it there .
You may feel bored if you like ( big ) / modern cities but I still love it there .
Actually I have traveled there eleven times !
Actually I have been there eleven times !
I think the ocean of Rota is most beautiful in the world .
I think the ocean of Rota is the most beautiful in the world .
I think the ocean in Rota is most beautiful in the world .
Local people are very friendly and we can be friends quickly .
The locals are very friendly and are quick to make friends .
Local people are very friendly and it is easy to make friends with them .
I have some friends in Rota .
Every time I come to Rota , they say me `` welcome back ! `` .
Every time I come to Rota , they always say `` welcome back ! `` .
They invite me BBQ , picnic and hunting ! !
They invite me to their BBQs , picnics and to their hunting trips ! !
This time , they took me to a coconut crab hunting .
This time , they took mecoconut crab hunting .
It was really exciting experience .
It was a really exciting experience .
Coconut crab is active at night so we went to a coconut forest at night .
Coconut crabs are active at night so we went to a coconut forest at night .
It eats coconut , so it 's flavor of coconut .
They eat coconuts , so it 's flavor is similar to that of a coconut .
They eat coconuts , so they taste like coconut .
It was yummy ! !

Ideal and reality
It is surely often seen that there is a big difference between ideal and reality .
There is a big difference between what is ideal and realistic .
It 's not easy to shorten the long distance between them .
Sometime , such a time when you will have to accept something hard or bitter might be coming in your life .
Sometimes , you will have to accept something hard or bitter in your life .
Now I 've been in the bottom of my life never experienced before .
I 've never experienced life this hard before .
I have too much stress in my everyday life .
I will try to make the gap between my ideal and reality short , but it 's not going well lately even in a small matter .
I will try to make the gap between my ideal and realistic life short , but it 's not going well lately even a little bit .
I think I need to be more patient and tolerant towards everything I will be facing in the future .
Who can change yourself is only you .
The only person who can change yourself is you .
I could put my stress away a little bit by writing a journal . . .

Hi ( * ^ ^ * )
Good morning ( * ^ ^ * )
I am Yuu .
I 'm the biginner who just began Lang - 8 .
I 'm just beginning Lang - 8 .
Please get along well ! !
I live in Japan .
I 'm a woman .
My heir is not black .
My hair is not black .
because , It does coloring : )
because , I color it : )

I will have strengthened muscle for spring vacation
I will have strengthened muscles for spring vacation
Today 's weather was rain .
Today 's weather was rainy .
Today was rainy .
I felt bad .
I went to the gym which Neyagawa city run so that I can strenghthen muscle .
I went to the gym in Neyagawa city so that I can strengthen my muscles .
Maybe , I do n't have much muscle than general men .
Maybe , I do n't have as much muscle as the average man .
So I strengthen muscle .
So I want to strengthen my muscles .
And then , I went to Lowson which is convenience store so that I can work at there at 5 pm .
Later around 5pm , I went to work at Lowson , which is a convenience store .
Its work was easy today , because today 's wether was rain .
Work was easy today , because of the rain .
That is to say , when the weather is rain , people are reluctant to go out .
That is to say , when it is rainy people are reluctant to go out .

heartbreak T .
I was upset last night , so I went out for fresh air .
I was upset last night , so I went out for some fresh air .
My boyfriend often condemned me to be against him .
My boyfriend often condemneds me for being against him .
So I try not to oppose his suggestion , but I felt it useless .
So I try not to oppose his suggestions , but I felt it is useless .
No matter how much I make an effort , he never changes his mind .
No matter how much of an effort I make , he never changes his mind .
This made me hurt , so I went for a walk for a while but he textmailed me ' You do n't have to come back !
This made me hurt , so I went for a walk for a while but he text - messaged me ' You do n't have to come back !
Leave me forever ! '
I was very sad .
Tuesday , January42011
Tuesday , January 4 , 2011
Today , I 'm so happy .
Morning on n 's pas a sepiaindre letter .
Mom do hold food .
I make folded egg .
Folded egg make careful , completion .
I made folded egg make carefully .
My sister make egg .
My sister made eggs .
My sister side on , me help .
So , completion egg .
So , I completed the eggs .
Completion even as , mom come in house .
Finished as mom came in the house .
Mom bat an eyelid .
Mom batted an eyelid .
Mom we make eat , delicious .
So we all ate , and it was delicious .
So , good feeling

I 'm bad at memories .
I 'm bad at remembering .
I went to a restaurant with my friend who is one of my friend in my swimming school last Friday .
I went to a restaurant with my friend from swimming school last Friday .
I went to a restaurant with my friend from swimming class last Friday .
At first we swam in the class , after that , we went out .
At first we swam in class , and after that , we went out .
We went out after class .
We did n't decide where we should go , but a coach thought me good restaurant .
We could n't decide where we should go , but the coach recommended me a good restaurant .
We could n't decide where we should go , but our coach thought of a good restaurant for us .
The restaurant was near my friend 's house .
The restaurant is near my friend 's house .
I asked her if she know there .
I asked her if she knew it .
I asked her if she knew where it was .
She answered `` I do n't know ! `` Therefore we looked for it and we easily found it .
She answered `` I do n't know it ! `` So we looked for it and we easily found it .
She did n't , so we looked for it and easily found it .
She said `` I knew it !
She said , `` I did know it !
She said `` I knew it ! ``
You and I came here once before !
You and I came here once before ! ``
You brought me to this restaurant ! `` I remembered it .
`` You brought me to this restaurant ! `` , I remembered .
`` You brought me to this restaurant ! `` I remembered it .
I am stupid , but my friend too !
I am stupid , but my friend is too !
I am stupid , but my friend is too !

A bad day
I 'm happy today , but people seem as if they were very very angry .
When I was walking by the street , two cars were going to kill me !
And people seems as if they were constipated ( this word is funny because in spanish `` constipado `` is `` cold `` , and it 's eassy mistake the meaning xD ) .
And people seem as if they were constipated ( this word is funny because in Spanish `` constipado `` is `` cold `` , and it 's easy to mistake the meaning xD ) .
But I 've been happy , and soon I 've seen a teacher that was happy too .
But I 've been happy , and I 've seen a teacher that was happy too .
This is gorgeous 8 )
Another new : I 've finished my sculpture !
In other news : I 've finished my sculpture !
At last !
And this is a secret present for my dad xP
Good day for everyone ! !
Celia ^ u ^

I ca n't sleep too long , which will me dizzy .
However , if I do n't get enough sleep , I will feel depressed .
However , if I do n't get enough sleep , I feel depressed .
On Sunday , there are no activities and no plans .
On Sunday , there were no activities and no plans .
It is supposed to be a good time to sleep longer .
It was supposed to be a good time to sleep longer .
However , I still got up on time as usual .
I tended to sleep as much as I could when I was younger .
Sleep quality seems to be more important than the time .

I 've been thinking why I want to study English .
I 've been wondering why I want to study English .
Then tonight I got a part of answer .
I will arrange it in English then write down here as soon as possible .
I will arrange my thought in English and write down here as soon as possible .
I have a feeling that it is different from everybody .
I have a feeling that is different from others .
But everybody has a something reason why they want to study second launguage .
But I suppose everybody has a reason why they want to study a second language .
Everybody has different reasons , I think .
I think everybody has a different reason .
I feel happy now for getting my answer .
I feel happy that I 've got my answer .
I want to study hard for explaining my answer .
I want to study hard to prove my answer .

summer holiday
I made invoices for this month and sent it on this morning .
Today 's work was end .
Today 's work has ended .
In substantially , my summer holiday started from today .
In ( ? ? ? ) , my summer holiday started today .
I took day off for a week .
I have taken a week off .
What a happy am I : - )
What a happy person am I : - )
I 'll go to trip Kyushu Japan next monday .
I 'll go on a trip to Kyushu Japan next monday .
We plan 2 nights 3 days trip .
I ca n't wait monday ! ! !
I ca n't wait until Monday ! ! !
I remember that I could not sleep at night before excursion when I was child .
I remember that when I was child , I could not sleep at night before an excursion .

Music and my father
My father was once a DJ in club when his youth , he got many LP records and CDs .
My father was once a DJ in a club during his youth , so he got many LP records and CDs .
So I could come into cantact with many Music from Billboard to Classic .
I could come into contact with a lot of music , from Billboard to Classics , because of it .
Actually I was truly blessed one .
Actually , I was truly the blessed one .
Cause You may know or may not know , My father 's generation was absolutely poor .
As you may or may not know , my father 's generation was absolutely poor .
Right after the Korean War , there was nothing left .
Everything was completely destroyed including Music .
Everything was completely destroyed , including music .
But there was US Armed Forces in Korea , and they radiobroadcast thier songs meaning Billboard .
But there were US Armed Forces in Korea , and they radio broadcast their Billboard songs .
My father listened those songs from the radio everyday and recorded it ( Illegal these days . . . ) and dreamed his future .
My father listened to those songs from the radio everyday and recorded them ( which is illegal these days . . . ) and dreamed of his future .
Even though he could n't eat his fill , but he was happy filling with musics .
Even though he could n't eat his fill , he was happy filling with music .
He spent all of his money to buy the records or guitar .
He spent all of his money to buy the records or a guitar ( or guitars ) .
Anyways , I got his blood in my vein , I really into the music also .
Anyways , I got his blood in my veins , and I 'm really into the music also .
And I 'm really grateful what he inherted me .
Both of Emotionally and Physically .
Both emotionally and physically .
Those records when he bought his youth , now it 's real valuable stuffs : )
Those records he bought during his youth are now real valuable stuff : )

My English skill is not well .
My English skill is not very good .
so that I have studied for two years ,
but now I have not skill of english .
pls let me kwon about to study other langage . . . .

A letter from someplace in Tokyo
Hi , this is the first sentence I write here , lang8 .
Hi , this is the first sentence I write here on lang8 .
Hi , this is the first sentence I write here , on lang8 .
I 've been thinking what kind of topic would be good , and then I 'm writing this vagrant sentences .
I 've been thinking about what kind of topic would be good , and then I 'm writing these random sentences .
I 've been thinking what kind of topic would be good , and then I 'm writing these random sentences .
Well , I 'm gon na talk about myself a little bit .
Since I 've been to London , I like London very much .
Before I went to London , I almost ca n't speak English and my English is worth than an average of Japanese .
Before I went to London , I almost could n't speak English . And my English is worse than an average for a Japanese .
Before I went to London , I almost could n't speak English and my English is worse than an average for a Japanese .
But I got improve my English while I was in London .
But I had the opportunity to improve my English while I was in London .
But I had the opportunity to improve my English while I was in London .
I know reading and writing is not so good yet , and this is the one of reason why I decided to write this sentence as well .
I know my reading and writing is not so good yet , and this is the one of the reasons why I decided to write this sentence as well .
I know my reading and writing is not so good yet , and this is the one of the reason why I decided to write this sentence as well .
Anyway , I appreciate you to have read this a kind of letter .
Anyway , I would appreciate it if you would read this letter .
Anyway , I would appreciate it if you would read this letter .
Today is the good day , and I 'm gon na go to STARBUCKS to get a coffee or something .
Today is a good day , and I 'm gon na go to Starbucks to get a coffee or something .
Today is a good day , and I 'm gon na go to Starbucks to get a coffee or something .
Thank you .

Wedding Reception
I went to the wedding reception of my relative yesterday .
The bridegroom is my brother 's wife 's younger brother .
He 's very good at basketball , and has won a championship in a 3 on 3 basketball competition in Kyushu .
The bride read a letter for her parents , which is often included in Japanese - style wedding receptions , and the letter was very touching .
I remembered my own reception , my starting point yesterday .
( Question ; which preposition is more appropriate , `` for `` or `` to `` in line 5 ? )

What Would You Do When You 're Under Stress ?
What Would You Do If You were Stressed Out ?
These days , I 'm stressed out for my work .
These days , I 'm stressed out because of work .
Though I like to behave myself , it 's not easy to take control over my sensitive character .
Though I like to behave appropriatley , it 's not easy to take control over my sensitive personality .
Though I like to behave myself , it 's not easy to stop being sensitive .
I think that I 'm easily pissed off regarding tiny things recently .
These days I 'm easily pissed off regarding tiny things .
If I keep going , before long , I might be known for a picky woman amongst colleagues .
If I keep going , before long , I might be known as a picky woman amongst colleagues .
If I keep going , before long , I might be known for a picky woman amongst my colleagues .
Anyway , I listed up my steps to reduce the stress as you can see the below .
Anyway , I made a list of ways to reduce stress . You can see them below .
Eating sweeties
Eating sweets .
Falling asleep
Playing some music instruments
Playing musical instruments .
Watching movies
Having a conversation with friends and family
Having conversations with friends and family
Talk with friends and family
The simple way is eating sweeties .
The easiest way is eating sweets .
But I 'm afraid to get weight .
But I 'm afraid I 'll gain weight .
What a sad if I get a chubby because of the stress .
It would be sad if I got chubby because of being stressed .
If I had no sweeties during hard work , I would suffer from stomach ache because the more stress I have , the more gastric acid my stomach secrete .
If I had no sweets during hard work , I would suffer from stomach ache because the more stress I have , the more gastric acid my stomach creates .
Still I had no idea which one is more better between gaining weight and aching stomach .
I do n't know which is worse . Gaining weight or having an aching stomach .
It 's a catch - 22 situation for me .
It 's a catch - 22 situation for me .
Speaking of falling asleep , it 's the best for me to reduce the stress .
Speaking of falling asleep , it 's the best way for me to reduce the stress .
Nevertheless , it is not feasible to take it due to time - constraints .
Nevertheless , it is not appropriate to sleep because of time constraints .
When it comes to another ways , it 's impossible to do these at the office .
: ( Desperately , I need to search for alternatives to cope with the stress .
I desperatley need to find other ways to reduce stress .
I desperately need to search for alternatives to cope with my stress .
Dear Lang - 8 friends , what would you do when you 're under stress ?
I 'm happy to hear about it .
I 'm want to hear about it .
As always , thanks for reading my entry .

My Old PC Revived ! !
I was gotten a old laptop PC from my mother last month because my mother bought a new PC .
Last month , I received an old laptop computer from my mother , because she bought a new computer .
But the running of the PC installed Windows XP is very slow . . .
So I installed a new OS called `` Ubuntu `` , which is a linux distribution and free , to be fast the running than former one .
So I installed a new OS called `` Ubuntu `` , which is a Linux distribution and free . It does seem alot faster than the former operating system .
As a result , It worked . ^ o ^ /
The PC using Ubuntu is running well as if it is a new PC !
The PC running Ubuntu is running as well as any new PC .
And I am writing this entry on it with hearing a music .
I am writing this entry on it while listening to music .
Maybe , Microsoft may have any crisis ! ?
Maybe , Microsoft will have a problem in the future ?

Going to translate my blog
I 'm going to translate my blog
I decided to translate my travel blog in two english .
I decided to translate my travel blog into English .
This way I 'm going to achive two goals .
First I will improve my skill 's in english and second I 'll have blog in english .
First I will improve my English skills , and secondly I 'll have a blog in English
Because last time , people often asks me , if I have blog .
Because in the past people often asked me if I have a blog .
I replay , `` Yes I have , but in russion `` , so I think it 's time to create an english version .
I replied , `` Yes I have one , but in Russian `` . So I think it 's time to create an Englishversion .

I am a colleage student .
I am a college student .
I live in Chongqing .
I live in Chongqing .
Today is a speacil day .
Today is a special day .
I am very upset and I feel very tired .
I have no ideas .

Difficulty of Drug 's Name resembling Abracadabra
Drug 's name is difficult to pronounce .
Drugs ' name 's are difficult to pronounce .
Usually , can English native speaker pronounce difficult drug name
Usually , can a native English speaker pronounce difficult drug names
such as `` Diethylstilbestrol `` or `` Ibritumomab tiuxetan `` ?
For instance , when you saw a article on today 's newspaper about this drug ,
For instance , when you saw an article in today 's newspaper about a drug ,
can you pronounce them at a first glance without consulting a dictionary or website , etc . ?
Can you pronounce it at first glance without consulting a dictionary or website , etc . ?
By chance , you can pronounce them correctly only from the alphabet ?
By chance , can you pronounce them correctly only by recognizing the alphabet ?
In Japanese case , we can not pronounce some Kanji .
In the case of Japanese , we can not pronounce some Kanji .
I commonly used to ask my family , `` What 's pronunciation of this `` ?

Home stay
My son has left for Australia last night .
My son left for Australia last night .
That is his first homestay .
I did n't know whether he worried about or looked forword to , but I hope that it will be special and wonderful experience for him .
I did n't know whether he 's worried about it or is looking forward to it , but I hope that it will be a special and wonderful experience for him .

I practice for making stories these days .
I practice for making stories with some words and phrases that I studied today .
I practice writing stories with some words and phrases that I studied today .
I made a story , today .
I wrote a story , today .
Kim Yu - Na is one of the few Koreans who succeed at an early age in the world .
Her great success is based on her strong will .
The whole world is keenly interested in her walk of life .
Recently , she was appointed as the U .
S Sports Academy 's 2010 Female Athlete of the year .
Congratulations on your winning !
I do n't know how to make a sentence with ' have close ties with ' in the story .

I wo n't accept that .
I wo n't accept this .
Today , I went to school .
When I went to school today ,
Our teacher was angry because recently many people bring on many chocolates , a cellular phone and all that .
Our teacher was angry because recently many people were bringing things like chocolates , or their cell phones to class .
But I never bring on them .
But I never bring these things .
So I am shut of .
So I am innocent .
But my teacher said `` If you find person with many chocolates , a cellular phone and all that , you must warning to the person .
But my teacher said `` If you find a person with anything like chocolates or a cell phone , you are responsible for warning the person .
If you turn a blind eye to , you are tantamount of the person . `` But I was unconvinced .
If you turn a blind eye to it , then you are also responsible . ``
Because I think that those people do not listen warning .
But I was unconvinced , because I think that those people will not listen to a warning anyway .

Washing pedometer
I am always wearing a pedometer .
I am always wearing my pedometer .
Every day , I look forward to record the distance walked .
Every day , I look forward to recording the distance I have walked .
Yesterday , I took off my pants leaving pedometer in the pants pocket .
My wife washed it without knowing the pedometer in the pocket .
My wife washed it without knowing the pedometer was in the pocket .
After washing , the pedometer did n't work .
Even before , she accidentally washed iPOD in a pocket and iPod did n't work .
Previously she washed the iPOD I accidentally left in my pocket , after that it did n't work anymore .
My wife said `` You are wrong leaving something in the pocket .
My wife said `` You are wrong for leaving something in the pocket . ``
I said `` You are bad to wash without checking nothing in the pocket . ``
I said `` You are bad to wash my clothes without checking the pockets first . ``
Who is wrong ?

First challenge for EIKEN examination pre grade 1 , part1
I will take English exam at June 12th .
I will take an English exam on June 12th .
This examination name is `` EIKEN `` .
This examination 's name is `` EIKEN . ``
EIKEN is popular English exam for Japanese people .
EIKEN is a popular English exam for Japanese people .
I think that EIKEN exam is made by Japanese people for compulsory educational student .
I think that the EIKEN exam is made by Japanese people for compulsory education students .
Of cause , usual adults are able to take exam .
Of course , usual adults are also able to take the exam .
However , until EIKEN is somewhat replaced by TOEIC .
However , EIKEN has been somewhat replaced by TOEIC .
However , the EIKEN has been somewhat replaced by the TOEIC .
Maybe , TOEIC examination is normal English examination all over the world .
The TOEIC examination is probably the standard English examination all over the world .
I feel difficult TOEIC more than EIKEN .
I feel TOEIC is more difficult than EIKEN .
I want evidence of learning English .
and then , I will take EIKEN exam .
And then , I will take the EIKEN exam .

Achooooooooooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I just ca n't stop sneezing today because of hey fever ( + _ + ) I take a medicine every morning , but it does n't work these days .
I just ca n't stop sneezing today because of hay fever . ( + _ + ) I take medicine every morning , but it does n't work these days . |
How can I spend spring time more confortable ? ?

My hobby is jogging .
Today , I have ran about 5km along the river .
Today , I ran about 5km along the river .
Jogging makes me comfortable so much .
Jogging makes me feel very comfortable .
According to brain science , Jogging have effect to be rich serotonin .
According to brain science , Jogging raises serotonin levels .
If you feel depression , it might be good to jog especially in the sunny day !

Last Sunday , I went to kamakura .
Last Sunday , I went to Kamakura .
Last Sunday , I went to Kamakura .
I visited Hase temple .
It 's famous of Ajisai ( hydrangea ) .
It 's famous for Ajisai ( hydrangea flowers ) .
It 's well known for the Ajisai ( hydrangea ) . - sounds better
On june , many Ajisai come into bloom in Kamakura .
In June , many Ajisai come into bloom in Kamakura .
In June , many Ajisai bloom in Kamakura .
Many peple visit there .
Many people visit there .
Kamakura walking is goof atmosphere .
Walking in Kamakura is enjoyable because of it 's good atmosphere .
Kamakura has a good atmosphere for walking .

I went to Piano competition with host family .
I went to a Piano competition with my host family .
I went to a piano competition with my host family .
They was good players .
My two host brothers were playing piano .
Older host brother got a second prize !
The older host brother got second prize !
I think that competition was big .
I think that that competition was big .

It 's the spring drizzle , so I 'll walk to wet through it . . . ?
It 's the Spring drizzle . I do n't mind to get soaked through . . . ?
I heard someone on TV said `` It 's the spring drizzle , so I will walk to wet through it `` .
I heard someone on TV said `` It 's the Spring drizzle . I do n't mind to get soaked through `` .
Not sure because it is long ago , when a servant put up an umbrella for his master , the master replied the words to the servant .
It is raining right now .
I have a marathon today .
I have a marathon to run today .
I do n't like running in the rain very much certainly .
I do n't like running in the rain very much for sure .
That is why I said the words above .
That is why I said so as above .
Umm , okay , okay , It is just a spring drizzle , I will run to wet through it !
Umm , okay , okay , It is just a Spring drizzle , I will run soaking through it !

I went to sinzyuku with my family .
Then , I bought notePC at Big Camera .
Then , I bought a notePC at Big Camera .
So , I write this diary whit it ! !
So , I wrote this diary whit it ! !
It was very difficulet that I set up this PC .
It was very difficulet when I tried to set up this PC .
So , my father helped me .
I want to use my PC well .
I will practice it !
I will practice with it !

Is environmental protection compatible with economic growth ?
In this day and age , economic growth often comes with the improvement of technology .
Thus , it 's hard to say our prosperities in developed countries are compatible with environmental protection .
However , apparently , this is cahnging .
A lot of companies began to come up with the ways technology and a lot of commodities can go with environment .
In some cases , there could be `` greenwash `` .
However , raised awareness is getting rid of this trend as consumers are more eager to purchase authentic eco - friendly commodities .
Even though I say it myself , I 'm using some soaps that do n't contain chemical substances .
Even though I say it myself ( what ? ) , I 'm using some soaps that do n't contain chemical substances .
I heard that some detergents can be harmfull when they are drained to the river or ocean , rendering local people unable to avoid some danger from the pollution .
I heard that some detergents can be harmfull when they are drained into the river or ocean , rendering local people unable to avoid some dangers from the pollution .
From the look of it , eco - concious might be the watchword from years to come .
From the looks of it , eco - concious might be the watchword from years to come . ( What ? )

yesterday I and insomnia , mind is all the mess of things !
Yesterday evening I had insomnia . My mind is a mess and full of all things !

Hi everyone .
Thank you for always correcting my mistakes .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
2009 / 03 / 12
In order to drink , I finised my work early .
In order to drink , I finished my work early .
I drank with coworkers days after a long separation .
I drank with my co - workers after a long . time .
Because one of the man was on leave of absence from work , we could n't meet with us .
But , one of them was on leave . So , hecould n't meet with us .
I had a really good time with them .
But I was reflect that I could do something for him more .
But I felt as if I should help him in some way .
Maybe if I could listen to his affair he might be not on leave of it .
Maybe if I could talk to him about his problem , he might not be on leave because of it .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
2009 / 03 / 13
I went to the climbing gym .
I went to the rock climbing gym .
I could climb today more than last time because my hip 's hurt was getting better .
I could climb more than last time because my hip 's getting better .
I was really happy .
I felt that health is the most important thing for human .
I felt that health is the most important thing for humans .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
2009 / 03 / 14
I could n't wake up early this morning .
I can have been tired , nevertheless , I went to the climbing gym .
I was tired , nevertheless , I went to the gym .
I thought that I 'm happy to go to the climbing gym .
I 'm happy being able to go to the climbing gym .
Because I could meet to my friends whose I wanted to meet .
Because I could meet my friends whom I am always eager to meet .
A Japanese famous climber Yuji made many challenges in there .
Afamous Japanese climber named Yuji accomplished many feats there .
I tried some new challenges but they were so difficult for me .
I tried some new challenges but they weretoo difficult for me .
After all , I could n't do climbing at level five of challenge .
After all , I did n't manage to pass level five of the challenge .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
2009 / 03 / 15
I joined the English conversation club .
This is my sixth time joining this club .
I could n't speak English too much .
I ca n't speak English well .
Speaking English is more difficult than listening and writing English .
I had met a man who was good at English very well .
I 'd like to see him again .
Then , I went to the climbing gym .
At last , I could climb the level five of challenge and almost yellow 11th .
I was really happy .
I went to drinking with Nobu afterword .
I went drinking with Nobu afterword .
I had a really great day .

A thief opened his gyve by a note and killed himself by his shoelace
A thief opened his gyvewitha note and killed himself withhis shoelace
A thief died in the police station .
An official on behalf of the police station said to the medias that he killed himself by his shoelace after opening his gyve by a note in hand .
An official on behalf of the police station said to the mediathat he killed himself withhis shoelace after opening his gyve witha notethat was in hishand .
This news made me so happy .
I 'm glad to see the official became so imaginative .
I 'm glad to see the official is so imaginative .
Here comes a 5 day vacation for the New Year , but I do n't know what to do during these days .

I stopped smoking two weeks ago .
I started to smoke since last year and I did n't like cigarettes so much that I thought I would stop it easily . . .
But I know that I need to smoke really now !
I want cigarettes more than meals .
I 'm not irritable so much but I gained 6kg since then and sometimes I wanna eat foods that I do n't take before .
I 'm not as irritable so much now but I gained 6kg since then / also and sometimes I wanna eat foods that I did n't eat before .
It 's a little scared .
It 's a little scary .
So I 'll try to find things I like more and I have to go on a diet !
So I 'll try to find things I like [ more / to do better ] and I have to go on a diet !

Annoying Haneul .
It seems to have been very hard day today for me all day long .
It seems that it has been a very hard day for me today .
It was just because I was very gloomy unconsciously .
It was because I felt gloomy unconsciously .
I do n't know ell the reason why I was very annyoing about everything .
I do n't know the reason on why I was so annoyed about everything .
Was it just because I have lots of lessons .
Was it just because I have lots of lessons ?
I got out of temper to my friends as much as I felt forry for her .
I got out of temper to my friends as much as I felt sorry for her .
She shows me deep understanding , because we are vest friend .
She understands me well because we are best friends .
Sometimes , ther are little changes for me , Today seems to be the very day .
Being the school will be off tomorrow , I 'll take a rest comfortably at home .
As tomorrow is a school holiday , I 'll take a rest at home comfortably .

If someone is bloating too much .
If someone is gloating too much .
May I say , ``
You are exaggerating too over .
You are exaggerating too much .
You are exaggerating too much .
You are overstating .
4 . what you say is exagerated .
5 . what you say is overstated ,
Thanks .

I am in wuhan now
I am in Wuhan now
it cost me 7 hours to drive from shiyan to wuhan , I am so tired , but when I think that I will see my good brother here tomorrow morning I am so happy !
It took me 7 hours to drive from Shiyan to Wuhan . I am very tired , but when I think that I will see my dear brother here tomorrow morning , I am so happy !

I like the K - pop
I like K - Pop
Hi ! jejjeje . . . ( ^ . ^ )
I really like the k - pop , My favorites groups are ss501 , Super Junior , C .
I really like K - Pop . My favorites groups are ss501 , Super Junior , C .
Blue , 2NE1 , Girl 's Generation . . . .
Blue , 2NE1 , and Girls ' Generation . . . .
I try to do a paragraph in English , but it 's so difficult . . . . .

Life is ups and down .
Sometimes you feel upset .
Sometimes you feel happy .
Everyday have different feeling .
Every day you have a different feeling .
so , keep going .
English party
I went to a party yesterday .
A lot of people were there to talk in English .
A Swedish man , Chinese men , a Russian woman , some people
from other countries , and many Japanese .
from other countries , and many Japanese people .
We had a lot of fun together .
They can speak English fluently , which made me think that
They could speak English fluently , which made me think that
I have to learn more .

somebody please correct this writing TT
I have decided to start a writing for Teacher 's exam in the winter of next
I have decided to start writing for a Teacher 's exam next winter .
I 've heard that The United States introduced a system that rating teacher ' s
I 've heard that The United States introduced a system that rates the teacher ' s
ability .
what the most interesting I thought is that this system assesses teachers with students score .
What I thought was the most interesting , was that this system assesses teachers with students scores .
I do n't think students score could be the standard for estabilishment .
I do n't think students scores should be the standard for an establishment .
When we set a standard to appraise something , we should avoid being open to dispute .
We do need absolute criterion .
In my opinion teachers must be assessed by their teaching ability itself .
For example , varities of teaching methods and materials should be involved in criterion for estimation .
For example , varieties of teaching methods and materials should be involved in the criterion for assessing the teachers .

A plant named WARABI in Japanese is one of ferns and eatable
A fern is a unique group of plants .
A fern does not start from a seed and does not flower .
A fern begins to grow on the structure named prothallus , which is green and whose shape is similar to heart mark , and a fern will bring up through a lot of complex events .
A fern begins to grow on the structure named prothallus , which is green and whose shape is similar to a heart mark , and a fern is brought up / / will be brought up through a lot of complex events . / / tense consistency
If you want to know this complex event entirely , please check wikipedia or some books .
Unlike mosses , ferns have vascular bundles of xylems and phloems .
This is why ferns are more closely related to usual plants such as a wheat or poplar than mosses .
By the way , I 'll introduce a traditional Japanese food called `` warabi `` in Japanese .
A `` warabi `` is one of ferns .
Generally speaking , a `` warabi `` is uneatable , but its young stem is eatable if you cook correctly .
Generally speaking , a `` warabi `` is inedible , but its young stem is edible if you cook it correctly .
A `` warabi `` 's unique taste reminds almost all Japanese of spring because a `` warabi `` is one of the spring foods .

Today , I was diagnosed with anemia .
When I had a basis checkup - up at the company ,
When I had a basis check - up at the company ,
I was told to go to a hospital to have a check - up again .
I was told to go to a hospital to have another check - up .
The reault of a recheck - up was also anemia .
The result of my check - up was also anemia .
I have to give the iron by injection 20 times for a treatment
I have to get the iron by injection , 20 times as a treatment
as of today . ( ToT )
It will be tough to me ! ! !
It will be tough for me ! ! !

Happy New Year in 2011
Happy New Year , everyone !
How was your new year 's day ?
I have been staying at my parents ' - in - law 's house in these three days to spend our new year 's days with them .
I have been staying at my in - law 's house these past three days to spend our new year 's days with them .
I got `` Otoshidama `` from both my husband and my parents ' - in - law this morning .
I got `` Otoshidama `` from both my husband and my in - laws this morning .
After I enjoyed having `` Osechi `` with my family , I went to a temple called `` Tatebetaisha `` as `` Hatsumoude `` with my family .
I prayed our family 's good luck there .
I prayed for our family 's good luck there .
And then , I reported my new year 's resolution .
My this year 's resolution is here .
My new year 's resolution is here .
I would love to read 48 books in English .
This year I completed 24 books in English .
So , this year I want to try to double amount of books .
So , this year I want to try to double the amount of books .
I know it is very difficult because my reading level is less than other comprehension skills ' level .
However , I really want to improve my reading skill .
I would like to paint 10 artwork a month .
I would like to paint 10 artworks a month .
I also want to create my art blog in English and post my artwork constantly .
Of course , I really would love to improve my English comprehension skills further .
I want to become able to express my thoughts , opinions and feelings with natural expressions as native English speakers do .
After I got home and checked my mails with my PC , I realized that my Michigan painting friend registered my May classes .
I am planning to go to Michigan in May to take two painting classes .
In one class I would love to learn how to paint portrait .
According to my friend 's mail , my class choice was very good .
She told me that I will be able to lots of new things from two classes .
I am really looking forward to going to America again .
Before I will go there , I would like to develop my English comprehension skills further .

The first diary
Today I joined Lang - 8 and this is my first English diary here .
I found this website when I read a magazine for English learners in Japan .
I 'm not good at using computer and I 'm not familiar with social networking system in the Internet .
I 'm not good at using the computer and I 'm not familiar with the social networking system in the Internet .
I 'm not good at using computers and I 'm not familiar with social networking websites / sites on the Internet .
I still do n't know how to use this website , which is very complex for me to understand the system .
I still do n't know how to use this website , which is very complex for me to understand .
But I think this system is wonderful for every language learner , so I want to learn a lot with it .

Back from NY and Boston .
I 've just come back Japan from Boston and NY .
I 've just come back to Japan from Boston and New York .
Boston and NY was nice .
I visited several clients during the day time and we went to restaurants and bar at night .
I visited several clients during the day time and we went to some restaurants and bars at night .
I want to go to Boston and NY again .
hide - pierre

* * * * * * * * *
It is getting warm in Vancouver lately !
Summer is coming : ) I can hardly wait ! !
I want to do a hundred of things .
I want to do hundreds of things .
I also need to work , though .
I have gotten used to work ; therefore , I enjoy working much more .
It is sometimes hard because of my poor English ; however they are truly good experiences * By the way , I moved in the new house last Saturday .
It is sometimes hard because of my poor English ; however I have truly good experiences * . By the way , I moved into a new house last Saturday .
Actually , this was the fifth moving . . .
Actually , it was my fifth time moving . . .
I hope this will be my last house even though I have had bad lucks of houses .
I hope this will be my last house even though I have had bad luck with houses .
The house is very nice because it is cute and clean ! !
This one is very nice because it is cute and clean ! !
It used to be a garage .
The owner renovated it into a nice house .
There are a kitchen , a bathroom and two bedrooms just for my friend and I : D For now , while I am living with previous tenant , my friend is going to move in this Sunday !
There is a kitchen , a bathroom and two bedrooms just for my friend and I : D For now I am living with the previous tenant , but my friend is going to move in next Sunday !
I am really looking foward it .
I am really looking forward to it .
Thesedays , I have not studied very much . . .
I realized that my writing skills are getting worse . .
Well , I am planing to go to school in September again ! !
Well , I am planning to go to school again in September ! !
I should keep writing someting everyday , really ! ! ! !
I should keep writing everyday , really ! ! ! !
I am going to come back to Japan in February .
I am going to go back to Japan in February .
I want to get someting much better skills before coming back to Japan . .
I want to get much better skills before then . . .
I hope I will do my best : P
I hope I do my best : P

I 'm going to tell my boss that I will quit : )
I got a new job , so I 'm going to tell my boss that I will quit .
I have got a new job , so I 'm going to tell my boss that I am quiting .
Yesterday I tried to tell it , but I could n't find good timing . .
Yesterday I tried to tell him / her , but I could n't find a good time .
I will do it on mondy for sure : )
I will do it on monday for sure : )
Good luck me ! ! !

Director and homestay
I heve been a director of a company now .
I have become the director of a company now .
It is going to start 1st Feb .
It is going to start on the 1st Feb .
I must be busy , but I can not earn enough money .
I just want to consider a vision for my future .
I do not live my life with a lot of excuse .
By the way
My English friend now is staying at my house in Japan as homestay .
My English friend now is staying at my house in Japan as a homestay .
We have been drinking so much alcohol everyday .
He might put on weight ! !
His wife might be a little bit angry when he goes back to London .
Such a great fun days .

Tiny writing
Is it correct ?
My goal is becoming a veterinarian .
And I consider Basic Studies in Natural Sciences as a strong , varied science base and an international experience for admission to a vet school .
Besides that I have intention to learn Danish , which will be sixth language I know .
Besides that I have intention to learn Danish , which will be the sixth language I 'll know .
Besides that I have the intention to learn Danish , which will be sixth language I know .
Besides that , I intend to learn Danish , which will be the sixth language I will have learned .
Interdisciplinarity , practical studies , wide choice of courses , experimental spirit and open - mindedness are causes why I am so enthusiastic about RU .
Interdisciplinary , practical studies , a wide choice of courses , experimental spirit ( ? ) and open - mindedness are reasons why I am so enthusiastic about RU .

Today my friend ` s father has died .
Our class went to see him .
Before I have seen his father once or twice , but everybody who has been on the burial has felt the devastation and so did I .
Today is a very sad day .

I got a new favorite item .
This is a pencil sharpener .
It is a pencil sharpener .
It 's so cute !

First try .
My name is Natasza .
I 've just found this page and decided to start to write my diary here .
I 've been learning English for about 9 years with 4 years of brake , but I 've never had contact with people who speak English , so I think that in my future posts you will find lots of polish influence .
I 've been learning English for about 9 years with a 4 year break , but I 've never had contact with people who speak English . So I think that in my future posts you will find lots of polish influence .
My idea for a life , I think , is make all dreams come true doing everything what I can at the moment .
My idea for a life , I think , is to make all dreams come true doing everything that I can at the moment .
I hate living in one place and doing thesame everyday .
I hate living in one place and doing the same thing everyday .
My favourite subjects are maths and phisic , so probably I can have problem with connect they with traveling or something like that .
My favourite subjects are maths and physics , so probably I will have a problem with connecting them with traveling or something like that .
But last time I heard about charity organizations which need ingeeners and it can be a nice idea .
But recently I heard about charity organizations which need engineers and it could be a nice idea .
I arrived at Singapore .
I Departed NARITA airport at 11 : 30 to go to Singapore .
I departed NARITA airport at 11 : 30 for Singapore .
I spend slept and ate lunch in airplain about seven hour .
Singapore airline was find service to be Satisfactory .
I was relaxed .
but I ` m tired beacuse difference in temperature between Singapore and Japan .
but I feel tired because of difference temperature between Singapore and Japan .
I slept long time yesterday night .
I slept long last night .
Singapore during in Rainy seasons .
Singapore is in the rainy seasons .
It was raining when I arrived at Changi airport .
I ` m looking forward to school starting = )
I ` m looking forward to the day when my school starts = )

composition ( 4 )
I am practicing writing the compositions to improve my writing ability for the GEPT examination . - - - - - - - - -
I am practicing writing compositions to improve my writing ability for the GEPT examination . - - - - - - - - -
If you are studying , you wouldn ` twant someone to bother you .
If you are studying , you wouldn ` t want someone to bother you .
Last night , Jenny was studying for test .
Last night , Jenny was studying for a test .
But her neighbor , Mr .
Lin was having a party .
That maked noisy .
Jenny just called the police .
The police went to Mr .
Lin ` s home and said to him `` It is very late , don ` t make noisy . `` Finally , it was become quite , and Jenny could study .
Thank you

If I were an animal , which animal would I be ?
If I were an animal , I would be cat ! !
If I were an animal , I would be a cat ! !
Actualy , I love cat !
Actually , I love cats !
They are small , cute and lovely .
When a cat say `` myao ~ `` , I foll in love with the cat .
When a cat say `` myao ~ `` , I fall in love with the cat .
Please let me be a cat !
If I can be a cat , I will go out for a walk whole a day , sleep until I feel good , be along with people when I lonly .
If I can be a cat , I will go out for a walk the whole day , sleep until I feel good , be along with people when I lonely .
Oh , , , I love a cat and I would be a cat ! ( * ' v ' * )

The Reptile Room From A Series of Unfortunate Events
I finished reading a book of the second , `` A Series of Unfortunate Events `` in English .
I finished reading the second book of the series `` A Series of Unfortunate Events `` in English .
The book 's title is `` The Reptile Room `` .
The book is my another Floridian friend 's recommendation , and I am a fan of the author , `` Lemony Snicket `` .
That is because I think that his books have not been translated into Japanese yet .
So , if I would love to read his books , I definitely have to read his books in English .
I love reading such kinds of books .
The book series has thirteen episodes , so I really would love to conquer all of them .
However , I can not keep a motivation about reading .
That is my weakness .
Meanwhile , in the second book the orphan siblings straggled against their enemy , Count Olaf again .
Compared to first book , second one is more complicated .
Compared to the first book , the second one is more complicated .
I enjoyed reading it much more .
I guess in all series , the youngstarts will straggle their enemy , and in the last book they will win .
Since the book series are for children , it is easy for me to guess the story lines .
Right now I am reading another type of book .
I would love to finish reading it in this three days .
I would love to finish reading it in three days .

Graviation
Something came down from the sky .
As soon as I saw that , I found it was a walnut .
As soon as I saw it fall , I discovered it was a walnut .
And it was devided and rolled on the load .
It was split open and rolling in the road .
Suddenly something had been flying for the walnut .
Suddenly , something flew down to get the walnut .
And I noticed that this crow dropped the walnut from his beak to ground in oder to break that shell .
I noticed that a crow dropped the walnut from his beak to the ground in order to break the shell .
How clever ! !
The crow must understand the exist of gravity which we have 't understand yet .
The crow must have known gravity existed before we came to understand it .
On my busy days , It was a time I felt happy .
This happened on one of my busy days , so I felt happy .

A summer cold
summer colds
Nowadays whether is so hot !
Nowadays the weather is so hot !
Outside is like a steamer and inside is very cold because of the airconditioner .
It 's like a steamer outside but inside it is very cold because of the airconditioner .
Maybe you think I make absurd remarks , but Im sick and tired of an
You may think I make absurd remarks , but I 'm getting sick and tired of using the
airconditioner .
I hate its winds .
When season summer , I am certainly catch a summercold .
How ridiculous it is ! !
It 's so ridiculous !
I think we should economize energy .
Turn on an air conditioner in moderation is a best way we can .
We should only turn on an air conditioner whenever needed and in moderation .

Gran Torino
Recently , I watched ' Gran Torino ' directed and starred by Clint Eastwood on TV .
Recently , I watched ' Gran Torino ' directed and starred by Clint Eastwood on TV .
It was a great film .
I think this film is one of the best films of Clint Eastwood .
I think this is one of Clint Eastwood best films .
In the beginning of this summer , I met his son , Kyle Eastwood , in the big book shop in Paris .
There was a kind of lecture about his music career .
They were having a lecture about his music career .
He played the contrabass and the guiter .
He played the contra bass and the guitar .
His music is played in the end of Gran Trino .
His music is played at the end of Gran Trino .
He was very nice guy and handsome .

Hello world !
Hi everyone . . . !
My name is Martina , I 'm 19 years old and Italian .
I found out about this website yesterday , and this is my very first entry journal here .
I am at my first year of university and I 'm currently studying English and Japanese as main subjects .
I am in my first year of university and I 'm currently studying English and Japanese as main subjects .
I 've always loved learning new languages , and these are the ones that I definitely like the most .
I 've always loved learning new languages and these are definitely the ones that I like the most .
I actually think I 'm in love with English and everything related to it since I first started studiying it in Elementary school . . .
I really enjoy learning new words ad expressions , and when I do n't know the right way to say something or the right word for something you 'll literally see me running towards the dictionary and grabbing it as soon as I can !
I really enjoy learning new words ad expressions and when I do n't know the right way to say something or the right word for something you 'll literally see me running towards the dictionary and grabbing it as soon as I can !
yes , sometimes I 'm quite obsessed ahaha .
As far as Japanese is concerned , It 's always attracted me in a way and so , since my town has one of the best language insitutes in Italy ( can you say that about a university ? I do n't know . . ) I 've decided to study this charming language .
As far as Japanese is concerned , It 's always attracted me in a way and so , since my town has one of the best language insitutes in Italy ( can you say that about a university ? I do n't know . . ) I 've decided to study this charming language . Yes you can say that
I 'm going to try and write also in Japanese , although my vocabulary and grammar are obviously very poor at the moment . = P
Well , I hope to meet new people and I ca n't wait to learn many new things and get many corrections in order to improve my English ( and my Japanese , too ! ) .
See you soon ! = D

Today , I get up early because I decide to change myself .
Since the summer vacantion start , I always stay up to play computer game and even get up until AM13 : 00 .
Since summer vacation started , I always stayed up to play computer games and even until AM13 : 00 .
Besides , little exercise make me gain fat , so I want go gym and go on a diet .
Besides , little exercise made me gainweight , so I want to go to the gym and go on a diet .

Do you know your enemy ?
This title comes from my favorite song sung by Green day , one of US band .
This title comes from my favorite song sung by Green day , one of many US bands .
As they said , It 's essential for you to know your enemy which makes you in a trouble .
As they said , It 's essential for you to know your enemy which causes you trouble .
As for me , Today 's my enemy is untidy fat around my stomach !
As for me , Today 's enemy is untidy fat around my stomach !
Few weeks ago , I went to Australia for sightseeing .
A few weeks ago , I went to Australia for sightseeing .
( I 'll also write this episode soon )
The travel was very enjoyable , but I ate high - calorie meals many times during my trip .
The travelling ( Trip ) was very enjoyable , but I ate high - calorie meals many times during my trip .
( In particular , on the plane for Australia flight crews kindly served me with meals five times )
( In particular , on the plane to Australia , flight crews kindly served me meals five times )
After I came back to Japan , my weight increased by more three kg before I left for .
After I came back to Japan , my weight increased by more than three kg before I left .
And I have n't change troublesome part of my body yet .
And I have n't change the troublesome part of my body yet .
Recently I read a book about body control .
It emphasized it 's important that the calorie you consume must be high or equivalent against that you take in .
It emphasized that it 's important that the calories you consume must be high or equivalent against that you take in .
That 's why I decided to eat low - calorie foods and to go jogging everyday .
That 's why I decided to eat low - calorie foods and to go jogging everyday .
Then there 're good thing and bad thing .
Then there were good things and bad things .
The former is that Japan has a lot of low - calorie and delicious foods like udon or buckwheat .
The latter is that going outside in winter is reluctant behavior as much as possible !
The latter is that going outside in winter as much as possible is not normal behavior !

How to create English friend ?
I 'm looking for a friend who is native English Speaker .
Because I 'd like to my English skill up .
I was recommended to go to bar of pub where foreign people go to .
However I do n't have much courage to go to pub and talk to unknown person with my cheap English .
Using Lang8 may be a way to make a friend .
I 'm thinking that Lang - 8 might be a good way to meet someone who speaks native English .
Does someone know a English speaker who want to study Japanese .
Does anyone know a English speaker who wants to study Japanese ?
Does anyone know an English speaker who wants to study Japanese ?
Please Let me know .
Please let me know .
I can help Studying Japanese instead of learning English .
In exchange , I can teach them Japanese !

chatting with friends
I had school for five days until today , and it finished , so I can enjoy chatting with friends I met on this web site .
Even if I had school the next day I chatted , but I was a little sleepy at school the next day , so I decided to sleep longer .
Six days ago , I took a long nap for about five hours and sat up late .
When I was enjoying chatting at about 3 - ish , I considered if I should go to bed , but I thought if I went to bed once I would n't be able to wake up at 6 and continued chatting till I went to school .
When I was enjoying chatting at about 3 - ish , I considered going to bed , but I thought if I went to bed once I would n't be able to wake up at 6 and continued chatting till I went to school .
I was a bit sleepy at school , so I decided not to do the same things again .
I was a bit sleepy at school , so I decided not to do that again .
From today , I 'm free and can enjoy chatting at night !

Japanese business man
Almost all japanese business man use train .
Almost all japanese businessmen use the train .
Some of them see mobile pages , and read some books , the other sleep in the train .
Some of them browse the net on their mobiles , some read some books , and others sleep on the train .
Sometimes they who are seated on chair lean against me .
Sometimes those who are seated lean against me .
It 's weighty .
And they 're heavy .
I think they are very tired at their office , because of their a lot of hard work .
I think they are very tired at their office , because of having to work so much
So they want to sleep more long time as possible as they can .
So they want to sleep as much as possible .
But I don ' tlike to be weighed .
And if they are drunk , it 's the worst situation .
Today people next to me is so .
Today peoplesitting next to me were .
I was very tired , while moving to my school .

First Diary
I 'm Japanese woman .
I 'm a Japanese woman .
I want to express my thought in English .
I want to express my thoughts in English .
I decided that this year , I write diary every day , and I 'll be checked my English someone on Lang - 8 on internet .
I decided that this year , I 'm going to write a diary every day , and I 'll get my English corrected by people on Lang - 8 .
I want to go to England to see my friend .
She is Japanese , and works nanny in England .
She is Japanese , and works as a nanny in England .
So , I want to speak English .
So , I want to speak in English to her .

Plant a young trees
Plant a young tree
Yesterday father and I planted a young trees .
Yesterday father and I planted some young trees .
We went to the shop , where we bought some trees .
They are five kind of trees which are about one or two - year old .
There are five kinds of trees which are about one or two - years old .
They 're maples , vines , and some korean native kind of trees .
They 're maples , vines , and some korean native kinds of trees .
Before we go to our garden to plant , we went to a restaurant for lunch .
Before we went to our garden to plant , we went to a restaurant for lunch .
Then we met my eldest sister couple by chance in the restaurant .
Then we met my eldest sister and her husband by chance in the restaurant .
My broter - in - low who 's name is Mr .
My broter - in - law , who 's name is Mr .
park , joined .
Park , joined .
And we plantde trees and clean the garden .
And we planted trees and cleaned the garden .
It taked about two hours to finish .
It took about two hours to finish .
I thought we could n't plant trees in a day without his help .
I was lucky yesterday !

First Day in Lang - 8
Yesterday , a friend of mine recommended me this website .
Yesterday , a friend of mine recommended this website to me .
So I registered and logged in .
To a new comer like me , it is a really very interesting and useful website .
To a new comer like me , it is a really interesting and useful website .
I feel very regretful to have missed it in the past .
I find what most appeals to me is that one can improve his or her ability in a foreign language while make new friends from all over the world .
I find what most appeals to me is that one can improve his or her ability in a foreign language while / making new friends from all over the world .
That is fascinating !

`` UP `` is a very famous movie in Taiwan .
We need to put on 3D glasses to see this movie .
Disney cartoon was very funny and made us amazing .
This Disney cartoon was very funny and amazing to us .
My mom , younger sister and I decided ti go to see the movie this morning .
My mom , younger sister , and I decided to go to see the movie this morning .
The tickets is expensive because we need put on the glasses to see the movie .
The tickets are expensive because they include 3 - D glasses to see the movie .
I love Disney 's movie .
I love Disney movies .

hot spring
I went a hot spring today .
I went to a hot spring today .
It occurred to me that Japanese does n't hesitate to take a bath with others is but shy to talk with foreigners .
It occurred to me that Japanese people do n't hesitate to take a bath with others , but we are shy to talk with foreigners .
Maybe Japanese is never thinking if we make a mistake without talking with .
I think that 's why Japanese is shy .
I think that 's why Japanese are shy .
How do you think about this ?
What do you think about this ?
Go to U .
An annual meeting of society for neuroscience will be held from the next Saturday to Wednesday at Chicago .
An annual meeting of neuroscience society will be held from the next Saturday to Wednesday in Chicago .
To attend the meeting , I 'll go to Chicago .
This is the first time to go U .
This is the first time to go to U .
A for me .
And I have n't use international flight alone .
And I have never been on international flight alone .
I know almost nothing about international travel !
I know almost nothing about international travelling !
And sometime people says `` U .
And sometime people say `` U .
A is dangerous ! ``
So , I 'm really anxious about this travel .
So , I 'm really anxious about this trip .
But , of course , I expect to have a good time .
I hope this trip is fun .
This is a good chance for me .
I 'll enjoy Chicago !

I love reading !
I love reading .
I always carry a paperback and read it while I am commuting or when I am free at school .
Today I bought a book written by Morimi Tomihiko at the bookstore in my college , where all the college students and teachers can buy books at a five persent discount off the regular price .
Today I bought a book by Morimi Tomihiko at the bookstore in my college , where all the college students and teachers can buy books at a five percent discount off the regular price .
( The bookstore is called ' Seikyou ' in Japanese .
Most of the Japanese colleges have such bookstores . ) The title of the book was ' Kitsune No Hanashi . ' ( ' Kitsune No Hanashi ' means ' A story about a fox . ' ) I found that the story was very mysterious .
Most of the Japanese colleges have such bookstores . ) The title of the book is ' Kitsune No Hanashi . ' ( ' Kitsune No Hanashi ' means ' A story about a fox . ' ) I find the story very mysterious .
I do n't think Morimi Tomihiko is common all over the world , so let me explain who he is .
I do n't think Morimi Tomihiko is well known through out the world , so let me explain who he is .
Morimi Tomihiko is a Japanese novelist .
He graduated from Kyoto University with a major in agriculture .
Now he lives in Kyoto and the settings of most of his novels are Kyoto .
Now he lives in Kyoto and the settings of most of his novels are in Kyoto .
Though many of the main characters in his novels are dull college students , his literary style is very colorful and sophisticated !
Although many of the main characters in his novels are dull college students , his literary style is very colorful and sophisticated !
Most of his stories can be categorized as magical realism fiction .
In Japan , his books are very popular among young people , especially among college students .
In Japan , his books are very popular among young people , especially college students .
Whenever I read his books , I am fascinated with his wonderful literary style .
Whenever I read his books , I am fascinated by his wonderful literary style .
Futhermore , his story is very enjoyable .
Furthermore , his stories are very enjoyable .
The characters in his stories are somehow likeable .
Anyway , I am fond of the books written by Morimi Tomihiko .
Anyway , I am fond of his books .
But I 'm afraid his books are very difficult to translate into another language .
But I 'm afraid his books are very difficult to translate into other languages .
In fact , all his books are remained to be translated into foreign languages .
I 'm going to finis reading ' Kitsune No Hanashi ' today .
I 'm going to finish reading ' Kitsune No Hanashi ' today .
, After that , I have to concentrate on the preparation for the STEP test on the next Sunday !
, After that , I have to concentrate on preparing for next Sunday 's STEP test !
I 'm a little nervous .

I 'm Reading Excel Binaries
Because I want draw CHARTS in excel by python , I 'm reading microsoft excel binaries .
Because I want to draw CHARTS in excel using python , I 'm reading Microsoft Excel binaries .
Its format is so complex : - (
Excel binary format is known as `` Compound Document `` .
The Excel binary format is known as `` Compound Document `` .
It is sequences of 512 bytes blocks ( = `` sector `` ) .
The first sector is `` header sector `` that indicates `` dictionary sector `` , and data structure like FAT ( file allocation table ) in FAT16 / 32 filesystem .
The first sector is a `` header sector `` that points to the `` dictionary sector `` , and to data structures like the FAT ( file allocation table ) in the FAT16 / 32 filesystem .
The directory sector points head of `` Stream `` .
sequences by some sectors made byte stream .
The byte stream is sequences of BIFF Records .
The byte stream is a sequence of BIFF Records .

I could n't write my diary last week because I was busy and tired for my part - time job .
I had n't ever had exprerience of a hall stuff member , so I always be tensed up during working .
I had never had exprerience of a hall stuff member before , so I always be tensed up during working .
Recently , I feel a little relax that I got accustomed to working as a hall stuff member .
Recently , I felt a little relax because I got accustomed to working as a hall stuff member .
Today is the most busy day in my experience days .
Today is the most busy in my experience days .
I can not only having a break but drinking a glass of water .
I could not only have a break but drink a glass of water .
I was really thirsty and tired .
After working , I drank water soon and went back my house to eat something .
I went to bed after eating soon .
Tomorrow , I have a work as a hall stuff member but I have a holiday day after tommorrow , so I can stand it .
Tomorrow , I have a work as a hall stuff member but I have a day off after tommorrow , so I can not stand it .
See ya tomorrow .

What is Bush 's advantage ?
The US president Bush will finish his term soon .
The US president Bush will finish his term in office soon .
In my opinion , I 've always thought he is really incapable and dull .
I 've always thought he is really incapable and dull .
( Again , it 's just my personal opinion . ) In spite of incapable people , they can be a politician .
( Again , it 's just my personal opinion . ) In spite of being incapable , people can still be politicians .
( Again , it 's just my personal opinion . ) Regrettably , unqualified people can become politicians .
( Again , it 's just my personal opinion . ) In spite of being an incapable person , he is still a politician .
There are a lot of such politicians in Japan , too .
There are many such politicians in Japan , too .
There are a lot of politicians like this in Japan , too .
Probably , they also could be a head of state , if they had something advantage , such as crowd - pulling charisma .
Probably , they also could be a head of state , if they had someadvantage , such as crowd - pulling charisma .
They could probably also become Head of State , if they had some advantage , such as being highly charismatic .
So I 'm wondering what is Bush 's advantage .
So I 'm wondering what Bush 's advantage is .
I wonder what Bush 's advantage is .
I still ca n't find it .
I still ca n't think of anything .
I still ca n't figure it out .
As you know , an Iraqi reporter threw his shoes at Bush at a press interview in Baghdad .
That scene was aired on TV repeatedly .
According to the news , the shoes were not the reporter 's own ones .
According to the news , the shoes were not the reporter ' s
According to the news , the shoes were not the reporter 's .
He prepared big and heavy shoes for this attack .
He prepared big and heavy shoes for the attack .
He used big and heavy shoes for this attack .
He prepared shoes that were big and heavy for this attack .
If it had hit Bush , he must have gotten injured .
If it had hit Bush , he would have surely gotten injured .
If Bush had been hit , he would have been injured .
Then , finally I found Bush 's advantage .
Then , finally , I discovered Bush 's advantage .
I think I have found Bush 's advantage !
What a good reflexes he has .
Whatgood reflexes he has .
What good reflexes he has !
He has cat - like - reflexes .
He has cat - like reflexes .
He has cat - like reflexes .
I wonder if he was playing any sports when he was young .
I wonder if he played any sports when he was younger .
I wonder if he played any sports when he was young .
I wonder if he played any sports when he was young .
If Japanese politicians were him , they would get hit and injured terribly .
If that were a Japanese politician , they would get hit and injured terribly .
If it had been a Japanese politician , he would have been hit and injured terribly !
If Japanese politicians had been in his place , they would have been hit and injured terribly .
4
I do n't think he could be the US president due to his good reflex though .
I do n't think he could be the US president due to his good reflexes though .
I do n't think he could become the US president just due to his good reflexes though .
I do n't think he can be the US president due only to his good reflexes , though .
I do n't think he is the US president due to only his good reflexes , though .
I think you watch it a lot of times , but look at his incredible reflexes again !
I 'm sure you 've already seen it a lot , but have another look at those incredible reflexes !
I think you 've watched it a lot of times already , but look at his incredible reflexes again !
Especially , the first throwing !
Especially , the first throw !
Especially the first throw !

Next month , I will go to a collage .
Next month , I will be attending a college .
I do n't know what to do , so I am not studying at all .
I become foolish .
I 've become foolish .

THE TENNIS
I have been belong to tennis club .
I belong to a tennis club .
I usually play tennis six times in a week .
I usually play tennis six times a week .
I ca n't play tennis well .
But I like to play tennis .
I want to be a good tennis player .

Bakery Day
Today , I bought two bread at my favorite bakery .
The back one is I have forgotten seeing the name tag of it .
The one in the background is unknown , because I have forgotten what was printed on the name tag of it .
It was a sandwich .
The front is a small bun with cream cheese and walnut .
The sandowich costs 280yen and I ate first time .
The sandwich costs 280yen . I ate that one first .
My coworker told me it is great !
Indeed , it was yummy .
This is a french bread with cheese , maybe raw ham with spice and lettuce .
Maybe I ca n't get raw ham at ordinaly stores .
I probably ca n't get raw ham at ordinary stores .
It tastes high - grade hum !
It tastes high - grade , hum ! + lolwut ? +
But the bread was a little of hard , I am aching my chin a little now .

Today is monday , I just finished my holiday and back from my hometown .
Today is monday . I just finished my holiday and arrived back from my hometown .
Now , I 'm working in my company , I feel a little tired , maybe I enjoyed to much in this holiday , so I ca n't acclimatize myself to different place or pepole etc .
Now I 'm working in my company and I feel a little tired . Maybe I enjoyed too much during this holiday , so I ca n't acclimatize myself to different place or people , etc .
I think a few days later I can get right .
I think in a few daysI will be fine . ( `` can get right `` sounds awkward and unclear )

Recently , I feel it 's to bad .
Recently , I 've been feeling really bad .
when I do anything I always will meet troule .
that 's make me feel to bad .
That makes me feel very bad .
I think I need a big relax to help me fix this question .
I think I need time to relax to help me fix this problem .
So I will do more exercise to relax myself .
So I will do more exercise to relax .
I think I can make this question go away .
I think I can make this problem go away .

Christmas present
I was on day duty today .
I dropped in a department store at Nihombashi on my way to come back home .
I dropped in at a department store at Nihombashi on my way back home .
The purpose was to buy a Christmas present .
After four days , I will do a Christmas party .
After four days , I hold a Christmas party .
I will exchange my friends to presents gathered by us .
I will exchange with my friends presents gathered by us .
It costs about 1000 Yen per one .
It costs about 1000 Yen per present .
I was at a loss for a while , but I bought shoes - keeper involved in deodorizers .
I was at a loss for a while , but I bought a shoes - keeper that include deodorizers .
I hope my friends will be pleased with my present .

Draft summary of a writing assigment ( 1 )
This may be boring to those who do not like technical topics : )
- - - - - - -
Nanotechnology is one of the most promising area for science and technology field .
Nanotechnology is one of the most promising areas for the science and technology field .
Nanotechnology is one of the most promising areas for the science and technology fields .
Because of its particle size , which is less than 100 nm , nanparticle has mechanically , physically , chemically , and electronically different properties than that of bulk materials .
Because of its particle size , which is less than 100 nm , a nanparticle has different mechanical , physical , chemical , and electronic properties than that of bulk materials .
Because of its particle size , which is less than 100 nm , the nanoparticle has mechanically , physically , chemically , and electronically different properties than that of bulk materials .
Engineered nanoparticle is applied for drug delivery , solar cells , clean manufacturing process , cosmetics , and so forth .
An engineered nanoparticle has many applications such as drug delivery , solar cells , clean manufacturing process , cosmetics , and so forth .
Engineered nanoparticles are applied for drug delivery , solar cells , clean manufacturing process , cosmetics , and so forth .
Venture capitals , governments , and industries has invested tremendous money for spurring the innovation of nanotechnology .
Venture capitals , governments , and industries have invested tremendous amounts of money for spurring the innovation of nanotechnology .
Venture capitals , governments , and industries have invested tremendous amounts of money for spurring the innovation of nanotechnology .
While the bright side of emerging nanotechnology has been extensively covered by media , the safety of nanoparticle has attracted small attention .
While the bright side of emerging nanotechnology has been extensively covered by media , the safety of nanoparticles has only attracted a small amount of attention .
While the bright side of emerging nanotechnology has been extensively covered by media , the safety of nanoparticles has attracted little attention .
Because of its size , nanoparticle could intrude our lung when we are exposedto it .
Because of its size , a nanoparticle could be inhaled when we are exposed to it .
Because of their size , nanoparticles could intrude in our lungs when we are exposed to it .
Once nanoparticle is in the environment as products or byproduct from factories , it is practically impossible to detect because of the particle size as well .
Once a nanoparticle is in the environment as a product or as a byproduct from factories , it is practically impossible to detect because of its size .
Once nanoparticle is in the environment as products or byproducts from factories , it is practically impossible to detect because of the particle size .

English pronounceation
English pronunciation
I have worked for an American company for 4years .
I have worked for an American company for 4 years .
All of my colleague are bilinguals .
All of my colleagues are bilingual .
Ofcource each English levels are different but my company requires at least 730 toeic point .
Of course , each have different levels of English proficiency , but my company requires that each person scores at least 730 points on the TOEIC .
Therefore , our employees English level is higher than other Japanese companies .
Therefore , our employees ' English proficiency is higher than other Japanese companies .
Other countries , for exapmle Germany , most of business people can speak English rather than Japanese .
Other countries , Germany for example , most of their employees can speak English rather than Japanese .
Hence , 730 toeic points are common for them .
Hence , 730 TOEIC points are common for them .
But the accent of English is not associated with Toeic score .
But an English accent is not associated with TOEIC score .
Even if people who have 900 toeic score , their pronunciation is not good .
Even if people have a 900 TOEIC score , their pronunciation is not good .
I found this fact when I jumped in this company .
I found out this fact when I jumped on with this company .
A woman colleague can write English e - mail very well but her speaking has very strong Japanese accent .
A woman colleague can write English e - mail very well but she speaks with a very strong Japanese accent .
This trend is vice versa .
It 's difficult for us to improve the pronunciation only by reading or writing foreign language .
It 's difficult for us to improve the pronunciation by only reading or writing foreign language .
If you want to improve it , you should practice vowel and consonant sounds .
For instance , F sounds is completely different between American and Japanese .
For American , Japanese `` Futon `` is a misterious sound because shape of mouse for `` Fu `` is different between American and Japanese .
For Americans , Japanese `` Futon `` is a mysterious sound because shape of mouse for `` Fu `` is different between American English and Japanese .

My first diary
now , very late time . . . . .
I 'm happy that I know this site .
I 'm not english very well , but I really want fluent english skill .
I 'm ca n't speak english very well , but I really want to be fluent in my English skills .
I want talk about many story but it 's difficult . . . .
I want talk about many stories but it 's difficult . . . .
please help me : )
my university homework is very hard .
English class is best of best hardship .
English class is the hardest .
I ca n't understand that my english professsor 's lecture . . . .
I ca n't understand my english professsor 's lecture . . . .

New York

Help me !
I do not understand the use of prepositions such as in , on , at , and of .
I do not understand how use of prepositions such as in , on , at , and of .
I do not understand how to use of prepositions such as in , on , at , and of .
in and at are used even if I show a place and do not understand it how I should have had a good command of it .
I am glad when I get some clear answer .

it was reiny today .
it was rainy today .
nice to meet you ! !
my name is misaki : )
I went to school to take a test today .
it was very difficlut ! ! ! !
it was very difficult ! ! ! !
The test that the test writes a character beautifully .
It was to test whether we could write characters beautifully .

The end of the rainy season
It is very shiny sunny and dizzily hot today .
It is very bright , sunny and dizzily hot today .
Please take care not to get dehydrated or not to suffer heat stroke .
Please take care not to get dehydrated or suffer from heat stroke .
You had better not to exposed the sun shine and heat for very long time .
It 's probably better not to be exposed to the sun and heat for a very long time .
Enough water and electrolytes help you from heat attack .
Enough water and electrolytes will help prevent suffering from the heat .
Salt will help you , too .
Cool your body and head and hydrate well , or you may suffer heat stroke .
Take good care and enjoy summer as well as possible .
Take care and enjoy summer as much as possible .

Enough to turn off even a love that lasted a 100 years ?
I like five - finger socks and wear it almost everyday .
I like five - toed socks and wear it almost everyday .
I like five - finger socks , and wear them almost everyday .
I like five - finger socks and wear ( them ) almost everyday .
It 's quite comfortable because my feet do n't get sweaty .
They are quite comfortable because my feet do n't get sweaty .
One day , a friend of mine found me wearing five - finger socks and said to me , `` I know it 's comfortable and I like it too , but ca n't wear it .
One day , a friend of mine found me wearing five - toed socks and said to me , `` I know they 're comfortable and I like them too , but ca n't wear them .
One day , a friend of mine found me wearing five - finger socks and said to me , `` I know they 're comfortable and I like to wear them too , but I ca n't .
When my mom was wearing five - finger socks , dad said that it was enough to turn off even a love that lasted a 100 years ( a Japanese proverb ) .
When my mom was wearing five - toed socks , dad said that it was enough to turn off even a love that lasted a 100 years ( a Japanese proverb ) .
In addition , my husband agreed with him ! `` .
Mmm , it may look a little goofy , but I do n't think it that bad .
Mmm , it may look a little goofy , but I do n't think it 's that bad .
Mmm , they may look a little goofy , but I do n't think it 's that bad .
How do you feel if your girlfriend or boyfriend wear it ?
How would you feel if your girlfriend or boyfriend wore them ?
How do you feel if your girlfriend or boyfriend ( wears five - finger socks ) ?
Enough to turn off the love ?
You should try wearing it if you have never worn .
You should try wearing them if you have never .
You should try wearing ( five - finger socks ) if you have never worn them .
You will like it !

Something fun !
Something Funny !
My friend Philipp and I went to office this morning by bus .
My friend Philipp and I went to the office this morning by bus .
He had to call one guy who would hand a key over to him .
He had to call the guy who would hand the key over to him .
The one was entrusted by Philipp 's German friend .
The key was entrusted to him by Philipp 's German friend .
At beginning , `` # $ % ! @ # % ! @ # $ `` Philipp said in German . but the one opposite ends of the phone line did n't reply .
At beginning , `` # $ % ! @ # % ! @ # $ `` Philipp said in German , but the one on the opposite end of the phone line did n't reply .
At beginning , `` # $ % ! @ # % ! @ # $ `` Philipp said in German , but the person on the opposite end of the phone line did n't reply .
So Philipp said , `` Do you speak German or English ? `` And then , they chat with English .
So Philipp said , `` Do you speak German or English ? `` And then , they began to chat in English .
So Philipp said , `` Do you speak German or English ? `` And then , they began to chat in English .
Philipp 's English is not as good as his German .
After two or three sentences , ' Do you speak Chinese ?
After two or three sentences , he asked , ' Do you speak Chinese ?
' he asked .
And he turned to speak Chinese .
And he turned out knowing how to speak Chinese .
And he turned out to know how to speak Chinese .
The guy is a Chinese as we are . .
The guy is a Chinese like we are . .
The guy was Chinese , just like us .
I was laughing until we get out of the bus .
I was laughing until we got out of the bus .
I laughed until we got out of the bus .

Home Town
I 'm going to visit my parents next month .
5 / 8 is Mother 's day .
What should I give my mother for Mother 's day ?

I start English tweet .
I have started an English tweet .
I signed up new twitter account for learning English yesterday .
I 'm going to tweet daily life , family , sports , my job and more in English .
I 'm going to tweet about daily life , family , sports , my job and more in English .
I 'd like to communicate with foreign people .
If you 've had twitter account , please follow me .
If you 've have twitter account , please follow me .
If you have a twitter account , please follow me .
My twitter account : Takessy _ en ( URL
( I put the picture in my profile .
It was effected by `` befunky [ URL ] .
Is it funny ? )

Japanese marrige system
Japanese marriage system
Japanese marriage system
Japanese marriage system
In my country , we do not need to vow when we get married .
In my country , we do not need to vow when we get married . [ Correct but weird ]
In my country , we do not need to exchange vows when we get married .
In my country , we do not need to exchange vows when we get married .
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn into the marrige application form , which has the brides ' , the grooms ' , and two wittnesses ' sigunitures .
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn in the marriage application form , which has the brides ' , the grooms ' , and twowitnesses ' signatures .
The bride and groom simply go toa registryoffice andcomplete the marriage application form , which has the bride 's , the groom 's , and two witness 's signatures .
Brides and grooms simply go to city offices and turn in their marrige application form , which has the brides ' , the grooms ' , and two wittnesses ' signatures .
No picture IDs are requiered to turn into the marrige applicatin form .
No picture IDs are required to turn in the marriage application form .
No picture IDs are required to complete the marriage application form .
No picture IDs are required to turn into the marrige application form .
Even the law does not require the couple to come to the city office .
The law does not even require the couple togo to the city office .
The law does not even require the couple to come to the city office .
Somebody else can go there insterd of the couple .
Somebody else can go there instead of the couple .
Somebody else can go there instead of the couple .
Someone else can go there instead of the couple being wed .
Becouse of the system , sometimes problems are arisen .
Because of the system , sometimes problems arise .
Because of the system , problems sometimes arise .
Because of this system , sometimes problems arise .
When a couple go to the city office to turen in their marrage form , they sometimes find out that one of them ( or both of them ) is alredy married to someone else .
When a couple goes to the city office to turn in their marriage form , they sometimes find out that one of them ( or both of them ) is already married to someone else .
When a couple go to the city office tocomplete their marriage form , they sometimes find out that one of them ( or both of them ) is already married to someone else .
When a couple goes to the city office to turn in their marriage form , they sometimes find out that one of them ( or both of them ) is already married to someone else .

Steven Jobs
No one person has received more praise and abuse than Steven Jobs , who is the CEO of APPLE & PIXAR corporation , as well as has being cover person over 200 famous magazines .
No one person has received more praise and abuse than Steven Jobs , who is the CEO of APPLE & amp ; PIXAR corporation , as well as being cover person for over 200 famous magazines .
I was astonished by Jobs 's lecture spoken in Stanford University in 2005 , which including three stories , and tell us should follow our heart to find our goals .
I was astonished by Jobs ' lecture spoken at Stanford University in 2005 , which included three stories , and tell us to follow our heart , to find our goals .
The first story is connecting dots .
Although his parents eagerly wanted him to enter a University , but when he really became a freshman , Jobs lost himself .
He did n't know what 's the meaning of continuing his study in a college which fees is so expensive that cost most parts of his parents ' money .
He did n't know what the meaning of continuing his study in a college where fees are so expensive that it cost most of his parents ' money .
So he decided to drop out .
Instead of this , Jobs started to drop in the calligraphy class in his college , which supplied the one of best calligraphy training in the whole country .
Instead of this , Jobs started to drop in the calligraphy class in his college , which supplied the one of best calligraphy training in the whole country .
At that times , he just interested in this class but have not awared of the importance .
At this time , he was just interested in this class but was n't concerned about awards .
At that time , he was just interested in this class but had no awareness of the importance .
Until did he creat the first APPLE computer , all the effects what he had done before came back .
Until he created the first APPLE computer , all the effects what he had done before came back .
Only did you trust something what followed your heart as well as work hard , one day when you looking back , you can clearly know the secrets of these dots you have done .
Once you trust something and follow your heart as well as work hard , one day when you looking back , you can clearly know the secrets of these dots you have done .
The second story is about love and loss .
He was expeled on the grant scale from APPLE , which company was created himself .
He was expelled on the grant scale from APPLE , which he created .
Nevertheless , he said that he has been reject , but he still love .
Nevertheless , he said that he has been rejected , but he will still love .
Dramatically , these striking things let him found his dreamboat , established a new company : NEXT , purchased PLXAR and became the CEO of APPLE again .
Dramatically , these striking things let him found his dreamboat , he established a new company ; NEXT , purchased PLXAR and became the CEO of APPLE again .
According this story , I was inspired by his courage to start over .
So do n't settled , keep looking your love .
So do n't ( settle / settle down ) , keep looking your love .
The third story is about death .
He has been diagnosed with cancer .
Jobs described the situation of the examination .
He survived luckily .
And then he learnt stay hungry , stay foolish and facing everyday with an utter innocence .

I 've got to keep up with the time .
Well . . .
now I 'm finally writing my journal . . . . !
I 'm finally writing my journal . . . . !
Actually , these days are kind of hectic and I could n't spare time for doing that .
Actually , these days are kind of hectic and I could n't spare time for doing it .
These days have been kind of hectic and I could n't spare time .
But it is a fact that I had n't been writing journals .
But it is a fact that I had n't been writing journal entries .
Even though I skipped it for only 1 day .
Even though I skipped doing it for only 1 day .
Even though I skipped it for one day .
To be honest , there are two reasons . . .
let me explain it !
let me explain them !
let me explain !
First , when I wanted to write it , something was wrong with my PC !
First , when I wanted to write , there was something was wrong with my PC !
So , I could n't do it .
To make matters worse , there were no time left for me .
To make matters worse , I had no time left
Second , I was too exhausted to do it .
As those who have read my journals know , I started working part time ( the contents is that giving out leaflets outside ) and I was kind of busy .
As those who have read my journals know , I started working part time ( my job consists of giving out leaflets outside ) and I was kind of busy .
As those who have read my journals know , I started working part time ( handing out leaflets outside ) and I was kind of busy .
Thanks to the job , I already earned around $ 240 for 4 days .
In fact , I did it too today .
In fact , I worked today too .
Anyway , I 'll write about it in detail sometime .
I said that I earn enough money on my own to study abroad at the Australia , but this job is a little hard .
I said that I will earn enough money on my own to study abroad in Australia , but this job is a little hard .
That 's because it is boring .
I 'm already tired of giving out leaflets .
LOL In addition , when I do it , I am avoided by people in most case . . . .
LOL In addition , when I do it , people avoid me most of the time . . .
Thanks for reading !
If you have time , please correct my poor sentences ! ; )

I 'm home !
I went back home from USA yesterday .
I came back home from the USA yesterday .
I realized many differences between Japan the US during my 3 weeks stay in the East Coast .
I realized many differences between Japan the US during my 3 - week stay on the East Coast .
Firstly , there are few convenience stores in the US .
In Japan , I can find convenience stores when I get hungry , but I could n't in the US .
Secondly , streets in the US are designed in grid style , and each streets have theirs own names .
Secondly , streets in the US are designed in grid style , and each street has its own name .
For instance , the names of the streets are numbers ( like `` E 32 Street `` , `` 5th avenue `` ) in New York .
For instance , the names of the streets are numbers ( like `` E 32 Street `` , `` 5th Avenue `` ) in New York .
It is easy to read maps .
In Japan , I often lose my way because the streets are very complex and narrow and there are a lot of streets which have no name .
Visiting foreign countries enables us to see our countries from other viewpoints .

First ! ! !
10th , July
I joined to the ' ' Long - - 8 ' ' now ! ! !
I hope will meet some native speakers and someone
I hope will I meet some native speakers and someone
I hope I will meet some native speakers and someone
who have many ideas to express for my sentenses .
who can help me express myself .
Of course , I also will join to help Who are learning Japanese .
Of course , I would also like to help those who are learning Japanese .

Starbucks Instant Coffee
I read the article about Starbuck Instant coffee in the Asahi
I read an article about Starbuck Instant coffee in the Asahi
newspaper yesterday .
I suppose most of American people know it well , as it 's been being sold since a year ago .
I suppose most of American people know it well , as it 's been sold for a year .
My American friend has kept sending it to me , I 've been enjoying it every day .
My American friend keeps sending it to me , I 've been enjoying it every day .
It 's very good .
You can make cold coffee with it too .
It 's packed individually for one cup , so you can keep it fresh too .
If you are a Starbucks fan , it would be worth to try it .
If you are a Starbucks fan , it would be worth a try .

iPad + Sakyo Komatsu
This news says that `` Kuchu toshi 008 `` ( City 008 in the sky ) , an old sci - fi novel by Sakyo Komatsu , was published for iPad .
Sakyo Komatsu is a great sci - fi Japanese writer known by `` Nippon Chinbotsu `` ( Japan Sinks ) and `` Sayonara Jupiter `` ( Good - bye , Jupiter ) .
This book includes characters ' voices , author 's voice and visual illustrations .
Sakyo says `` I could n't except a book evolutions like this although I am a sci - fi writer `` .
Sakyo says `` I could n't accept an evolution book like this although I am a sci - fi writer `` .
I do n't have an iPad yet , but I want more and more !

I have a certain obsession about the train .
I have a certain obsession with trains .
I took about 55m to commute every day when I studied in senior high school
It was off at 5 : 30am beneath the moonlight to take the train left at 6 : 00AM
I set off at 5 : 30am beneath the moonlight to take the 6 : 00AM train .
All the scenery outside the train were dim because of the weak moonlight
What I had done on train was to gossip something happened in the class with my pals
What I used to do on the train was gossip about things that happened in class with my pals
Reminiscence from deep within me , on boarding on the train , emerges from my memories .
Mixing with bitter and sweet , countless memories
Blast From the Past !
whenever I heard the sound came from train station
whenever I hearthe sound from a / the train station

A Cold Day at the Last Day of May
It was very cold day today , even though June is coming tomorrow .
Today is a very cold day , even though June will come , tomorrow .
I think that it is kind of hot and very humid season in June , a Japan 's rainy season .
I thinkJune is a kind of hot and a very humid season , a Japanese rainy season .
But it seems like the temparature would be not so high according to the wether forecast .
So I hope there will be no high humidity .
So I hope there will not be high humidity .
I have only lived in Japan , but I hate Japanese very very very humid climate in summer !
I just have been living in Japan , but I very very very hate Japanese humid climate in summer !

Lack Motivation
Lack of Motivation
The weather was very fine today .
But , I was at home all day without doing anything particularly .
But I stayed at home all day doing nothing in particular .
It 's really waste of time .
It was a total waste of time .
I think I 'd rather go out than stay at home uselessly .
I think I 'd rather go out than stay at home doing nothing .
But , I do n't feel like going out as well when I do n't feel like doing it though I have what to do like a report .
But I do n't feel like going out or staying in to write a report .
I always regret it after finishing the day .
I always regret it at the end of the day .
I 'm writing this journal regretting today .

It is very bad morning .
It is a very bad morning .
Never go the streets of St .
Never walk the streets of St .
Petersburg to - 20 degrees .
Petersburg in - 20 degree weather .
Hot coffe , sigarettes and warm blanket - this mine today 's need .
Hot coffee , cigarettes and a warm blanket - this is what I need today .

I 'm knitting a crochet case for handy phone .
I 'm crocheting a case for my cell phone .
I would like to present for my grandmother and my former students .
I would like to show my grandmother and my former students .
If I have many time , I crochet a cap for my husband : - )
If I have extra time , I may crochet a cap for my husband : - )
If I have extra time then I will crochet a cap for my husband : - )

It was a perfect day for cycling today .
But I stayed home all day .
I had a boring day .
It was hot today but Autumn is just around the corner .

LED light
When I entered the senior high school and joined the mountaineering club in 1996 , I bought a head light by Panasonic .
When I entered senior high school and joined the mountaineering club in 1996 , I bought a head light by Panasonic .
When I entered the senior high school and joined the mountaineering club in 1996 , I bought a head light from Panasonic .
It was an LED light .
So it does n't need electric power so much .
Since I bought it , I have never changed batteries .
I 'm very satisfied with this efficiency .

Nice to me 2 !
Today 's first login - day .
Today 's my first login - day .
I 'm system consultant .
I 'm a system consultant .
and I have two children .
and I will quit my job the end of next month .
and I will quit my job at the end of next month .
I will home - maker and will take care of children .
I will be a home - maker and will take care of my children .
I sometimes come to ECC , ECC is English conversation school .
I sometimes go to ECC , ECC is an English conversation school .
My company paid 80 % fee for me .
My company paid 80 % of the fee for me .
But I will quit it , after that I 'm gon na study English .
But I will quit it . After that I 'm going to study English .
and I hope conversation everyone .
and I hope to converse with everyone .
Thank you for reading .
See you .

A hot - water bottle
Do you know a hot - water bottle ?
Do you know about hot - water bottles ?
It 's a bottle made of plastic or other things ( I do n't know exactly . ) in which you pour hot water .
It 's a bottle made of plastic or other materials ( I do n't know what exactly ) in which you pour hot water .
You put it in your bed on the cold night , so you can warm your feet and sleep very well .
You put it in your bed on cold nights , so you can warm your feet and sleep very well .
You put it in your bed during cold nights , so you can warm up your feet and sleep very well .
It 's a wonderful article .
It 's a wonderful item .
Unfortunately , the other day , I 've got a small hole in the one that I 've used for several years .
Unfortunately , the other day , I got a small hole in the one that I 've used for several years .
So I went to go shopping to buy another one .
So I went shopping to buy another one .
Fortunately , I found something better .
Fortunately , I found something even better .
It 's a kind of a hot - water bottle , but there are cerry seeds in the bag .
It 's kind of like a hot - water bottle , but there are cerry seeds in a bag .
It 's a kind of a hot - water bottle , but there are cherry seeds in the bag .
You put it in the micro - wave for 3min , and ready to be used !
You put it in the micro - wave for 3min , and then it 's ready to be used !
You put it in the micro - wave for 3 minutes , and then it 's ready for use .
It was a little bit more expensive , but it will be soon my birthday .
It was a little bit more expensive , but it 's my birthday soon .
So I bought two , one for my feet and the other for my nec and shoulder .
So I bought two , one for my feet and the other for my neck and shoulders .
So I bought two , one for my feet and the other for my neck and shoulders .
Good night . ^ ^

I 'm not interested in Buddhism , but yesterday I studied a little .
I 'm not interested in Buddhism , but yesterday I studied a little about it .
I came to think that Buddhism might have profound teachings .
I came to think that Buddhism has profound teachings .
Some memoranda about Buddhism
Buddha means a person who is spiritually awakened .
Buddha is a person who is spiritually awakened .
When we would be in trouble , we would ask for someone 's helps , for example , other people or gods .
However , even if we could solve the trouble , unless we would solve the root of the troubles , we would be in another trouble like that repeatedly .
However , even if we could solve the problems , more problems may arise if we would not solve its roots
Buddha had known the root of trouble which are common in mankind .
Buddha had known the root of , which is common in mankind .
When Buddha would have helped people in trouble , he had thought not only the trouble in front of them , but also the whole trouble should have been solved .
When Buddha helped people in trouble , he had thought not only about the solution of the problem that they face , but also the solution of all troubles
. . . . .
Uhhh , , , It is too difficult for me . . . .
I can not explain it .

The Foreign - Exchange Trade
Foreign - Exchange trade is difficult .
The value of currency alway change .
The value of currency always changes .
Because it is never keeping a constant level , you have to keep to check the market at all times .
Even I have done the deal for three years , I still confuse the moving of the Market sometimes .
Even I have done the deal for three years , I am still confused by the movement of the market sometimes .
My trade rely on the two basic forms of analysis : fundamental analysis and the technical analysis .
My trade relies on the two basic forms of analysis : fundamental analysis and the technical analysis .
Fundamental analysis is based on which the price will reflect the big news .
Fundamental analysis is based on which price will reflect the big news .
Thechnical analysis use the charts as the objects .
Thechnical analysis uses the charts as the objects .
The practice have three step .
Focus the big news .
Check the chart ( 20days term , moving averages ) .
Big Deal , and not loss cut easyly .
Decision on 30 percent profit .
Look my trade the recently :
Look at my recent trade ( for example ) :
EUR / JPY , GBP / JPY
China support Portugal and buy the national bonds .
China supports Portugal and buys the national bonds .
The line ( 15days , 9days moving averages ) is cross and is rising .
Buy the EUR , and GBP ( 50times leverage )
How do you think my deal method ?
What do you think of my deal method ?

I think everyman have to believe something
I think everyone has to believe something
Human is so weak so always want to believe something .
Humans are so weak so they always want to believe something .
In korea foreign missionaries have been succseefully brainwashed people .
In korea foreign missionaries have been succssefully brainwashing people .
I living in a small city where total population is almost 200000 .
I live in a small city where the total population is almost 200000 .
but In my city hundreds churchs are here .
but In my city there are hundreds of churches .
every holiday people come into my house tell me about god and if I do n't believe in god I will go to the hell .
every holiday people come into my house tell me about god and if I do n't believe in god I will go to hell .
yeah sweat hell .
our country used to believed in budha but since advanced countries opened our market by force 70 % of people are catholics and protestants even old mans starting to go to a church .
our country used to believe in budha but since advanced countries opened our market by force 70 % of people are catholics and protestants even old men are starting to go to a church .
I do n't believe anything but me .
I do n't want to blame a church or god but always people are making troubles .
It 's good to go to a church but do n't pushing others to believe it .
It 's good to go to a church but do n't push others to believe it .
if there is a jesus .
he might do n't throw away atheists to the hell .
he might do n't throw away atheists to hell .
he is a symbol of forgiveness .
just one reason I did n't belive him .
just one reason I did n't believe him .
am I going to the hell ? hell no !
I 'm really good man .
I did n't harm anybody .
I always try to be good man . execpt when I was angry .

open the door ! ! !
I am a new beginner of lang - 8 .
I am a beginner of lang - 8 .
I am a chinese . I am studying english and japanese . I hope one day I can write poem in english or japanese like what I do in chinese .
I am a Chinese . I am studying English and Japanese . I hope one day I will be able to write poems in English or Japanese like I do in Chinese .
language is a art . culture express is a door .
Language is an art . Culture expression is a door .
let us open the door and play with the beauty of art .
Let us open the door and play with the beauty of art .

This is my fitst post in English .
This is my first post in English .
This is my first post in English .
I registered in Lang - 8 yesterday .
I registered on Lang - 8 yesterday .
If anyone corrected this post , I 'm very happy .
If anyone corrects this post , I 'll be very happy .
If anyone corrects this post , I 'll be very happy .
By the way , today , I took the TOEIC .
By the way , today I took the TOEIC .
I think half of reading section is correct , but listening section is not good .
I think I got half of the reading section correct , but the listening section was not good .
I think half of the reading section was correct , but the listening section was not good .
I ca n't hear at almost question . . .
I could n't understand most of the questions . . .
I must study more harder .
I must study more / harder .
I must study harder .
thank you for reading , Bye !
Thank you for reading , bye !
Thank you for reading , Bye !

Something to drink in white color
Something white to drink
I ordered a glass of white drink when I had a dinner at a restaurant yesterday .
I ordered a glass of white drink when I had dinner at a restaurant yesterday .
I did n't know what it was at the bigining of drinking .
I did n't know what it was when I began drinking .
It looked like milk , but it was n't .
Can you guess what it is in the glass in the picture ?
Can you guess what was is in the glass in the picture ?
Actually it was yogurt liqueur .
Actually , it was yogurt liqueur .
Have you tried it ?

What music do you listen to when you are running ?
I go to the training gym and running about three times in a week .
I go to the training gym and run about three times in a week .
Then I often listen to rock music , but I want more songs that is speedy and rhythmical .
I often listen to rock music , but I want more songs that are speedy and rhythmical .
( During this time ) I often listen to rock music , but I want more songs that ( are ) speedy and rhythmical .
I hear that music of BPM 160 - 180 is suitable for running .
I hear that music with a BPM of 160 - 180 is suitable for running .
I 'm always looking for the songs .
I 'm always looking for songs .
I 'm always looking for ( these types of ) songs .
If you have any songs you recommend , please tell me .
If you have any songs that you would like to recommend , please tell me .
I often listen to Good Charlotte , Fall Out Boy , Linkin Park , Zebrahead and so on .
What music do you listen to when you are running ?

My husband has caught a cold .
He did not look well .
He did not not look well .
So , I went to take a walk with my daughter and my son for 2 hours .
So , I took a walk with my daughter and my son for 2 hours .
Through we have three day 's holiday running , it is a real disappointment .
It is disappointing because we have three days of holiday in a row .

Start Lang - 8
I start this SNS and diary .
I study and learn English .
Sometimes I go abroad , such as Taiwan and another asian country .
Sometimes I go abroad , such as Taiwan and other Asian countries .
But I live in Japan and work in Japan .
English is communication tool and the most popular in the world .
English is the most popular language of communication in the world .
I think communication tool give us some chances .
I think communication tool can open up some opportunities for us .
If possible , I work with foreign people using my english .
If possible , I will speak with foreign people using my English during my work .
Is it rigid ?
It 's my first diary , forgive me .
So let 's study together ! .

Each day . . .
The flowers keep flowering and rising up towards the Sun .
The flowers keep blooming and rising up towards the Sun .
Friend is holding a knife or a gun .
Is my friend holding a knife or a gun ?
All around you does n't mean a thing .
Everything around you does n't mean a thing .
But birds sing .
Things which were going down below the darkness abyss .
I hope each matter will face the peace .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
I got the melancholic time which gives me a reflect of life that has already passed me by .
I am feeling melancholic , which gives me a chance to reflect on the life that has already passed me by .
It hit me and it even made me making rhymes .
It hit me and it even made me write a poem .
I 'm young enough to change a lot . . .
But sometimes I think that good life is n't booked for each one who wants it .
But sometimes I think that a good life is n't booked for everyone who wants it .
Above all I 'm wondering about the aim of our subsistence .
I wish that God held your hand in the time full of doubts . .
I wish that God held your hand in times full of doubts . .
The moment that lasts can be the best moment of all you had .
The moment that lasts can be the best of all that you have had .
You still have new friends , the old ones are covered by a dust .
You still have new friends , the old ones are covered by dust .
Do n't you forget it . . . as I did .

English Cafe in August .
Yesterday , I had an English party named `` English cafe `` in my English school .
`` English cafe `` was opened every first Sunday once a month and many students , teachers and Christians gather the party .
`` English Cafe `` opened every first Sunday of the month . Many students , teachers and Christians gather at the party .
A party name was `` English cafe `` , but I had n't to speak English .
It was different the usually lesson , the students and the teachers were relax and fun .
It was different from the usual lesson , and the students and the teachers were relaxed and having fun .
I ate `` Chili Con Carne `` by my English teacher Jerry with pasta , rice and pan .
It was very good !
I made many Christians friends there .
I made many Christian friends there .
I made many Christian friends there .
I 'm not Christian but I was happy to making friends .
I 'm not Christian but I was happy to make friends .

If I was woman ~
If I were a woman ~
I 'll think of a bit about if I was woman .
I 'll think for a bit about if I were a woman .
The reason I 'll think of it is just enjoyable for me .
The reason I think of it is because its just enjoyable for me .
That is the only reason .
If I was woman , the figure would be more lovely than sexy .
If I were woman , my figure would be more lovely than sexy .
She would have long hair hanging down the chest , and the hair color must be black .
I would have long hair hanging down the in front , and the color must be black .
The personality would be rather calm than tomboyish .
My personality would be rather calm and tomboyish .
Maybe she would n't be so active , so she would n't belong to any club .
Maybe I would n't be so active , so I would n't go to to any clubs .
She would n't be doing so poorly at school , but she would hate studying .
I would n't be doing so poorly at school , but I would hate studying .
Her type would be a man who is a little brawny and has a tender heart .
My type would be a man who is a little brawny and has a tender heart .

Dood dinner at omiya
Good Dinner at Omiya
Fortunately we can use electric power all day long today , which made as spend a day as usual .
Fortunately we can use electric power all day long today , so we can spend our day as we usually do .

Yesterday I went to Tsutaya ( it is the biggest rental DVD and CD shop in Japan .
Yesterday I went to Tsutaya ( the biggest rental DVD and CD shop in Japan .
However , we can buy new DVDs and CDs there . ) with my family because my husband wanted to borrow some DVDs from the shop .
However , we can buy new DVDs and CDs there . ) with my family because my husband wanted to rent some DVDs from the shop .
We can buy new DVDs and CDs there . ) with my family because my husband wanted to borrow some DVDs from the shop .
And then , I discovered many imported CDs are selling for 80 percent off .
And then , I discovered many imported CDs are sold for 80 percent discount .
And then , I discovered many imported CDs that were selling for 80 percent off .
I bought three imported CDs .
I 'm very happy because I could bought each CD for only 300 yen ! ! !
I 'm very happy because I could buy each CD for only 300 yen ! ! !
I 'm very happy because I bought each CD for only 300 yen ! ! !
It 's very cheap ! ! !
That 's very cheap ! ! !
Today is the last days of golden week .
Today is the last day of golden week .
During golden week , I could n't learn English anymore .
During golden week , I could n't learn any more English .
During golden week , I did n't learn any English .
Therefore , from tomorrow , I would love to learn English again .
Starting tomorrow , I am looking forward to learning English again .

My glasses .
Usually , I do n't wear glasses often even though my eyesight is bad enough to bug me .
I know I should wear them but they make me look like an idiot .
I know that I should wear them but they make me look like an idiot .
People tell me to where contact lens but I think it makes my eyes unhealthy absorbing tears in my eyes .
People tell me to wear contact lenses but I think that it makes my eyes unhealthy by absorbing tears in my eyes .
Truthfully , I have lost more than five pairs of lens so it is never worth it .
Truthfully , I have lost more than five pairs of lenses so it is never worth it .
I think my bad eyesight is due to that I like watching , reading , and writing .
I think my bad eyesight is due to the fact that I like watching , reading , and writing .
I like talking also but after I broke up with my ex - boyfriend , It is also like I lost my best friend to talk to .
All of my good friends moved to a distant place for reasons .
All of my good friends moved to a distant place for various reasons .
Back to my eye sight , I feel like it is getting worse lately .
I 'm very concerned with it .
I 'm very concerned about it .
I have heard of that mongolian people 's eyesight is very good due to the no buildings and no monitors environment .
I have heard of that Mongolian people 's eyesight is very good due to their no buildings and no monitors environment .
They always see a distant not like us .
They always see well at distance , not like us .
Anyway , someday , I want to get lasic if it can improve my eyesight causing no side effects .
Anyway , someday , I want to get lasik if it can improve my eyesight causing no side effects .

Merry Christmas . ~
This picture is taken by me near my house .
So beautiful .
Here I am . .
1 hour later , I will come back to school .
This week , the weather became more and more colder .
All of we should remember to wear more clothes ^ .
We all should remember to wear more clothes ^ .
Taking good care of ourselves . ~
This Friday is Christmas Day .
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmerry Christmas ~
I have the ID of MSN . .
You can add me ^ . ^ that means we can converse when I stay at school .
My MSN is : yy19930901 @ hotmail . com
Okay . . .
I will come back to school . ~
Byebye . .

The day before yesterday , it is a special date to our youthes .
The day before yesterday , it was a special date for our young .
It is so called Youth Day which celebrates the youthes ' contribution to our country .
It is so called Youth Day which celebrates their contributions to our country .
We are just the flowers growing up healthily and will serve the country after grown up .
We are just the flowers growing up healthily and will serve the country after growning up .
I feel fortunate that I can live in such a country with speedly developing economy and superior military power .
I feel fortunate that I can live in a country with such a rapidly developing economy and superior military power .
As a university student in the present age , I have a heavy burden on my shoulder , so I know that I should have the will to build our country stronger and take every action to gain a good knowledge of science .
As a university student in the present age , I have a heavy burden on my shoulders . So , I know that I should have the will to build our country stronger and take every action to gain a good knowledge of science .
I ca n't feel relax , do my best to contribute myself .

It was a sunny day today .
So I went out to barbecue ( Yakiniku ) with my family .
We grilled beef , corns and sausages .
We grilled beef , corn and sausages .
I enjoyed some beer !
I had some beer , which I enjoyed !
Our dog was sniffing around us .
By the way our dog always howls when she hears an ambulance 's siren .
Is it kind of their instinct ?

A singel house
A single house
There are several different types of houses in American .
There are several different types of houses in America .
So far , I 've visited town houses , condos , apartments , except single houses .
So far , I 've visited town houses , condos , and apartments , but not single homes .
I heard about a single houses is very pricey .
I heard that a single homes are very pricey .
I heard that single homes are very pricey .
Absolutely , you have your own garden without sharing it with others .
You completely have your own garden without sharing it with others .
You have your own garden without having to share it with others .
Last week , I spent two days to stay over at my father 's friends ' place .
Last week , I spent two days at my father 's friends ' place .
It is really a luxury house .
It 's a real luxury home .
The house is big and there are two yards adjacent to it .
The gardening of the front yard is very nice .
The landscaping in the front yard is very nice .
The anti maintain it in a very neat and organized condition .
The anti ( ? ) maintain it in a very neat and organized way .
Not only the front yard is good but also the back yard is too .
Not only is the front yard good but the back yard is too .
They built a outdoor fireplace and a BBQ stove .
They built an outdoor fireplace and a BBQ stove .
They also put some hammocks over there .
The house has six rooms and the ceiling is very tall .
It is two - floor - high and there is a spiral staircase there .
It 's two stories high and there 's a spiral staircase .
Every room has its own bathroom and each of it has 2 sink for hand washing .
Every room has its own bathroom and each has two sinks for washing hands .
The most special room is that there is a indoor window of it .
The most special room has an indoor window in it .
The best room is the one with an indoor window .
You can stand in the room and see the whole panorama of first - floor living room .
You can stand in it and see the whole panorama of first - floor living room .
You can stand in it and see the whole panorama of the first - floor living room .

The Staff Valued Home Event Than The Work
The Staff who Valued a Home Event over Work
I wrote about a test of the radiation contamination for foods before .
Previously , I wrote about a test of the radiation contamination for food
The radiation specialized staffs have been performing this inspection .
The radiation specialty staff have been performing this inspection .
However , our staffs were asked for the help because of the shortage of the test member .
However , our staff were asked to help due to a shortage of test members .
Today the staff who was decided as a helper wanted the change of the date .
Today the staff who was chosen to be a helper wanted a change of date .
The reason is because he wants to participate in the athletic meet of the child .
The reason was because he wanted to participate in an athletic meet of his child .
Because we decided the date after having heard the staff 's convenience , this is not almost possible .
Because we decided the date after having heard the staff 's schedule , this is almost not possible .
I was surprised that there was the staff who valued home event than the work .
I was surprised that there was a staff who valued a home event over work .

Nadeshiko 's secret training
I 've finally gotten why they won the world cup .
I finally get why they won the World Cup .

Time is the most precious thing .
I have been studying English for the Test of English International Communication : TOEIC which is famous standard test in Japan .
Of course , my goal is to be as good an English speaker as a native English speaker .
Of course , my goal is to be as good as a native English speaker .
but I must get the good score with the TOEIC so that I do my best to English now .
but I must get a good score with the TOEIC so that I do my best to study English now .
While I get into the studying English , my lab has begun the project that lab students have make a glider robot .
While I get into studying English , my lab has begun the project that lab students have to make a glider robot .
There is harder and harder working the project .
It gets harder and harder working on the project .
The schedule became tighter and tighter .
We had felt difficulty that we make the glider robot .
We had felt difficulty that we might not make the glider robot .
In reality , the most problem is that we design the glider robot for the first time .
Though we can imitate and reference the similar types of the robot , there is no effect .
We must understand its mechanism completely .
That ` s why we took a lot extra time .
That ` s why we took a lot of extra time .
I want to use time the English study more than I do that .
I want to use the time study English more than I do .
I ` m reconsidering to adjustment my schedule .
I ` m reconsidering to make adjustments to my schedule .
I have never forget to make good both things .
I have to never forget to make time for both things .

The life after maternity leave
Life after maternity leave
This is the first time for me to write diray in English .
This is the first time I write a diary in English .
I 'm really happy if someone kindly read and check my English .
I would really be happy if someone would kindly read and check my English .
Last weekend , my husband was not at home , so I invited my friends in company on both saturday and sunday .
Last weekend , my husband was not at home , so I invited my friends over from the company both on Saturday and Sunday .
They were working mothers having two children , just the same with me , and I heard about their life after maternity leave .
They said they were busy , and they had to get many days off because their children often got sick .
They said they were busy , and they had to get many days off because their children often got sick .
It 's said that boys tend to get sick more frequently than girls , and my friend who has a son said it was true for her .
In her case , her mother lives near her , so she can get her mother 's help , and she does ' nt need to get off work .
In her case , her mother lives near her , so she can get her mother 's help , and she does n't need to get off work .
But how about us ?
Our parents live far away from us , so we ca n't ask their help .
Hmm . . .
I felt down when I imagined the life after I started working again .
I felt down when I imagined the life after I start working again .

Going to a musical
Yesterday evening I went to a very nice musical in my town , it was called `` Anni giovani `` in Italian , something like `` Years of the youngers `` in English .
I teach Italian and English ( funny but true ) in an Association where street boys and girls with difficult backgrounds are helped with their homeworks .
I teach Italian and English ( funny but true ) in an Association where street boys and girls with difficult backgrounds are helped with their homework .
One of the guy performed in the show so he invited me and other teacher to support him .
One of the guys was performing in the show so he invited me and other teacher to support him .
I have to say I enjoyed myself a lot ( there were musics from the most well - known musicals af the past forty years ) , and above all I was so glad to see the boy so proud and happy as I had never seen him before .

What changes happend ?
What changes happened ?
Good evening !
Yesterday I wrote about my changes a little bit .
I want to write the one of the biggest changes tonight .
I want to write about one of the biggest changes tonight .
That is not living with my parents .
It is natural , but I have had life with my parents for 27 years .
It is natural , but I have lived with my parents for 27 years .
I was depended on my parents , and influences from my parents was large .
I was dependant on my parents , and influences from my parents was large * 1 .
I believe my action was limited within my parents allowed .
I believe my actions was limited to what my parents allowed .
So now I 'm feeling so free as if I were a bird leaving a nest .
So now I 'm feeling free like a bird leaving the nest .
That is good for me .
Fortunately my hasband do n't interfere me .
Fortunately my husband does n't interfere with me .
Now after marriage , six months passed .
Now after the marriage , six months passed . * 2
And then I started two things , because I felt I can do anything .
And then I started two things ( hobbies ) , because I felt I could do anything .
I want to write about new things next time .
I want to write about the new things next time .

DIARY , my bro will enlist into korea military .
My brother will enlist in and enter the Korean military soon .
My bro will enlist into military .
My brother will enlist in the military .
I have only one brother .
Korea is divided into South korea and North korea .
Korea is divided into South Korea and North Korea .
thesedays international news are not good for everyone who live in korea .
These days the international news is not good for everybody who lives in Korea .
These days the international news is n't good for Koreans .
( you know the YeonPyeongDo 's news ) So , my family and my relations are worried about him .
( You know the news about the Yeonpyeong islands . ) So , my family and my relations are worried about him .
Have you heard about the Yeon Pyeong Do attack ? Because of that incident , my family is really worried about my brother entering the military .
But , he just said that every man in korea should go to the military , except the disable .
But , he just said that every man in Korea should go into the military , except the disabled .
My brother says every man in Korea should enter the military , except the disabled .
So , do n't worry about me .
`` So , do n't worry about me . `` he said .
He joked `` Please buy meat for visiting , esp chichen , dakgalbi . . . ``
He joked `` Please buy meat for visiting , esp chicken for dak galbi . . . ``
He joked `` Please buy meat for me when you visit me . Especially chicken for Dak Galbi . ``
He is so cute .
I looking forward to recomeback to home . . .
I 'm looking forward to him coming back home . . .
I looking forward to his return .
he will dischange at 2013 . . .
He will be discharged in 2013 . . .
how long do we have to wait for him ? !
How long do we have to wait for him ? !

A busy day .
Today was very busy day .
Today was a very busy day .
I got up at 8 : 00am .
I washed my face and ate cereal promptly .
I went to Gangnam station to study English in Pagoda academy .
I went to Gangnam station to study English at the Pagoda academy .
I met my friend who serviced in marine band .
I met my friend who served in the marine .
I met my friend who was serviced in marine band .
We talked about the old days during about three hours .
We talked about the old days for about three hours .
I went to computer academy after meeting .
I went to the computer academy after our meeting .
The lecture of today was so difficult , however , I did my best to make good program .
The lecture today was so difficult , however , I did my best to make good program .
There are many people in my academy .
Most of the people are older than me .
Most of the people there are older than me .
Especially , an old man who sit in the next of my desk is the oldest people in our class .
especially , the old man sitting n the next to me . He is the oldest person in our class .
Especially , an old man who sit in the desk next to my desk is the oldest person in our class .
I thought he will be very hard to learn to make program .
He thought it would be very hard to learn to make a program .
I thought he might have some trouble learning how to make a program .
I am right .
He was right .
I was right .
so , I always help him making program .
so , I always help him make programs .

Introduction
My name is Mari Carmen and I 'm a spaniard new user of Lang - 8 .
My name is Mari Carmen and I 'm a new Spanish user of Lang - 8 .
I hope to improve my english here and I want to learn french too .
I hope to improve my English here and I want to learn French too .
Next year , I want to study a Master of Design in a British or French University .
Next year , I want to study for a master 's degree in Design at a British or French university .
I hope to help with spanish language to somebody who need it .
I hope to help anyone who needs help with Spanish .

Discretionary System : Part 2
When I heard the briefing session by our HR department , I felt like a discretionary system is logical and understandable at first .
However , I changed my mind after the Q and A session .
One of the employees complained about his working situation .
I totally agreed with his opinion .
I agree completely with his opinion .
In some departments , the employees always work overtime until about midnight .
How long they work a day is kind of controlled by the urgent demands from their various stakeholders , so they do n't have any discretionary zone .
How long they work a day is kind of controlled by the urgent demands from their various stakeholders , so they do n't have any discretionary time . ( ? )
They have no choice but to work late on a regular basis .
In that case , this discretionary system wo n't support the freedom of the employees , but it will just cut their overtime pay .
I also work with many stakeholders , so I work overtime every day .
I envy some employees who work individually because they can perfectly control their work time and they will take advantage of this system .
The aim of this system is to improve the employee satisfaction ; however , it might increase the unfairness among the employees in different departments .

Bable tower
Sometimes I really feel frustrated when foreigners and I ca n't understand each other .
It seems like , we both can speak English , but we ca n't reach each other 's heart .
The words spoken out of mouth is strengthless , and eye contacts are full of confusion .
The words spoken out of our mouths are weak , and eye contact is full of confusion .
It reminds me of the Bable story , God seperates people with different languages , and people are never united as one any more because of the languages , then the world is full of suspiciousness and frustration .
It reminds me of the Bable story , God separates people with different languages , and people are never united as one any more because of the languages , then the world is full of suspicion and frustration .
I really hope God did n't do it .
But it 's the fact , there 's no time to complain to God .
Bravo for our hard work in English !
Keeping going !
Keep going !

Today is so tired : P
Today was so tiring : P
Today was so tiring . : P
everything make me crazy
Everything made me crazy
Everything made me crazy !
I do n't know what happen maybe just feel confused .
I do n't know what happened maybe I just feel confused .
I do n't know what happened . Maybe I just feel confused .
By the way , Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lots of studeants think , whoa I can rest a day and hope typhoon stay in Taiwan .
By the way , a Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lot of students are thinking , `` whoa I can rest a day , hopefully the typhoon stay in Taiwan `` .
By the way , a Typhoon is coming soon and maybe a lot of students think , `` Whoa , I can rest a day and hope the typhoon stays in Taiwan .
crazy about that sb think
oh , I am feel sleepy
oh , I feel sleepy
Oh , I feel sleepy .
ok I want to go to bed and goodnight
ok I want to go to bed , goodnight
Okay , I want to go to bed . Goodnight .
I decided to take the next TOEIC test .
The date is Nov . 29 .
We have approximately a month to the test and I take this test for a long interval .
I hope to get a better score than the previous .
I hope to get a better score than the previous time .
I am going to buy some study books for it .
If you have any recommendations for study , please tell me .
For daily English study , I use `` English Grammar in Use . ``

My first dairy and question , plz : ) let me check ~
Today , I moved my house .
Today , I moved house .
I get my room finally ! !
I get my own room finally ! !
I was a homeless that stayed Hi - hostel in winnipeg downtown .
I was homeless , and stayed at a Hi - hostel in winnipeg downtown .
I arrived here 6 days ago , my visa is working holiday ( permit ) .
I arrived here 6 days ago , my visa is working holiday ( permit ) .
so I really needed my room .
So I really needed my room
because the hostel was expensive $ 29 for a day .
because the hostel was expensive , it was $ 29 for a day .
but my room is just $ 300 for a month and really near downtown ! !
But my room is only $ 300 a month and really close to town ! !
so my body is light now : ) my english real poor so I ca n't believed that I 'm alive here for 6 days .
but I have to get my job .
But I have to find a job .
please ~ : ) I wanna work as baker or . . .
Please ~ : ) I wanna work as baker or . . .
server . .
I 'm a man shit .
even my english is low level . .
Even my english is n't that great .
but I will do my best .
But I will do my best .
plz good luck : )
And I have questions . .
And I have some questions . .
is this right sentence ? ?
Does this sentence make sense ? ?
' Are you interesting your job ? '
' What is cooking Jessica ? '
let me know .
Please let me know .
Thankyou : )

I have a fortune of eating .
When I was an enfant , my parents ran a supermarket so I was free whenever I want snacks .
After I enter an elementry school my parents change their shop to fried chicken restaurante .
After I entered elementary school , my parents switched from running a supermarket to owning a fried chicken restaurant .
And after a few years , they changed menu to pork cutlet .
A few years after that , they changed the menu to pork cutlets .
And when I 'm in a middle school , it was changed to sushi restaurant .
All of my friends envyed me .
All of my friends envyed envied me .
And now they run grilled meet restaurante .
Now they run a grilled meat restaurant .
I 'm not hungry even if I do n't have money in a back pack travel time .
It used to somebody treat me .
When I had my fortune told on internet , I was died in early age because of hunger in my previous life .
When I had my fortune told over the internet , it informed that I had died of hunger at an early age in my previous life .
I guess that 's why I always have a good fortune of eating .

( 1 - a ) He can not be trusted .
( 1 - b ) He is not able to be trusted .
( 1 - c ) He is not to be trusted .
( 2 - a ) Not a soul can be seen in the street .
( 2 - b ) Not a soul is able to be seen in the street .
( 2 - c ) Not a soul is to be seen in the street .
How do you feel about these sentences ?
It is my understanding that . . .
( 1 - a ) is grammatically correct but not ordinary ,
( 1 - b ) & ( 2 - b ) is quite unnatural or does n't make sense
, and ( 1 - c ) & ( 2 - c ) is the most acceptable ( ( 2 - a ) can be used as well as ( 2 - c ) ) .
Is this right ?

Thank you so much !
I would like to wirte a letter to my English teacher , so I want you to correct my English .
I would like to write a letter to my English teacher , so I want you to correct my English .
I would like to write a letter to my English teacher , so I want you to correct my English .
Well . . .
I ca n't tell you how much I appreciate your help .
Thank you for everything what you did for me .
Thank you for everything you did for me .
Thank you for everything that you have done for me .
Thank you for everything you have done for me .
And thank you for correcting my terrible essays over and over .
I do like your explanation !
I do like your explanations !
I like your explanations !
I do like your explanations !
Thanks to you , I was able to understand easily .
I really admire your sophisticated teaching skills .
I really admire your professional teaching style .
Not only that , you are really fluent in Japanese and already passed the Japanese exam .
Not only that , you are really fluent in Japanese and have already passed the Japanese exam .
Not only that , you are really fluent in Japanese and have already passed the Japanese exam .
I 've never met a native teacher like you who have been studying harder Japanese .
I 've never met a native teacher like you who has studied Japanese as hard as you .
I 've never met a native language teacher like you who have been studying Japanese as hard as you .
I 've never met a native teacher like you who have been studying Japanese so hard .
I look up to you !
In this way , you encouraged me , as well as all students .
You inspired me to study harder without a doubt .
I really enjoyed our private lessons .
They would n't have been nearly as much fun without you .
I do n't know what I should do without you from now on . . .
I do n't know what I will do without you from now on . . .
I will miss you so much .
well , I have a present for you .
Well , I have a present for you .
I give you a red ballpoint pen .
I will give you a red ballpoint pen .
I will give you a red ballpoint pen .
I will be really happy if you could correct my English someday in this pen .
I will be really happy if you could correct my English someday with this pen .
I will be really happy if you could correct my English someday with this pen .
Thank you so much !

I took the freeway first time .
I took the freeway for the first time .
I had n't taken the freeway before .
I 've never taken the freeway before .
I only drive to work .
Last Sunday was my frater 's birthday .
Last Sunday was my fathers birthday .
Last Sunday was my father 's birthday .
So I came to the Jeongseon - gun that my parents live .
So I went to the Jeongseon - gun where my parents live .
So I went to Jeongseon - gun where my parents live .
I drove alone , I 'm not afraid of drivig anymore .
I drove alone , I 'm not afraid of driving anymore .
I drove alone . I 'm not afraid of driving anymore .
I 'm good at cutting in cars .
I 'm good at passing other cars .
Have you driven in Korea ?
Have you ever driven in Korea ?
It 's so overcrowded with car .
It 's so overcrowded with a car .
Some of the car have no manners .
Some of the drivers have no manners .
I do n't submit to no manners 's car because I 'm brave woman ? ! ^ ^
I do n't submit to any drivers manners because I 'm a brave woman ? ! ^ ^
I do n't give in to rude drivers , because I 'm brave woman ? ! ^ ^
* Do you know Jeongseon - gun ?

I feel bad
My children go to church on sunday .
I do n't go because my ex - husband will come .
I do n't go because my ex - husband comes .
Today I was yelled by ex - husband at church .
`` Do n't leave children , I ca n't take care of them ! ``
He said , `` Do n't leave children , I ca n't take care of them ! ``
He do n't like that I leave children at church .
He does n't like that I leave my children at church .
But children like to play at church , and mabe , their feel happy to meet their farther I thought .
But my children like to play at church , and I thought they might feel happy to meet their farther .
I 'm so full of sadness . . .
I 'm very sad . . . .

my dream ( ^ o ^ )
My dream is to become kindergarten teacher .
In your country there is a kindergarten ?
I want to be a kindergarten teacher because I like a small child is .
I want to be a kindergarten teacher because I like children
Introduction to Japanese kindergarten .
In japanese kindergarten , there is a child before the elementary school
entrance to school from 3 years old .
You lean things age - appropriate environment .
In Japan , a kindergarten teacher is less likely to .
Is it easy to be a kindergarten teacher in your country ?
Please comment .

I went to shopping to Ginza after work .
I went shopping at Ginza after work .
I went shopping at Ginza after work .
I bought a shirt which color is deep pink .
I bought a deep pink colored shirt .
I bought a deep pink shirt .
The shirt seems too tight I feel .
I felt that the shirt was too tight
The shirt seems too feel too tight .
But I like this .
But I like it .
But I like it .
It 's by far the most great T - shirt I think .
I think It 's by far the most great T - shirt .
I got in touch my girl friend and I say `` I like it !
I got in touch with my girl friend and I said `` I like it very much ! ``
very much ! ``

I live in Santiago de Chile , in a small town at the outside of the city .
I live in Santiago de Chile , in a small town on the outskirts of the city .
My house has two floors .
In the first floor I have a kitchen , a living room , and a dining room .
In the first floor I have a kitchen , a living room and a dining room .
In the first floor I have / there is a kitchen , a living room , and a dining room .
At the second floor I have my room and two rooms more for my family .
At the second floor there are my room and two rooms more for my family .
On the second floor are / I have my room and two more rooms for my family .
The walls of my house are yellow , and the ceiling is white in all the house .
The walls of my house are yellow , and the ceiling is white throughout the house .

Busy life
These days , I always busy .
These days , I am always busy .
Because , the test days are near .
This is because the test days are near .
I have to do my homeworks .
I have to do my homework .
In addition , I 'm busy my part time job , too ! !
In addition , I 'm busy at my part time job ! !
I 'm working in a crum school as teacher .
I have to study hard to teach my students .
I can hardly wait for the spling vacation .
I can hardly wait for spring vacation .

How to get driving license successfully ?
How to get a driver 's license successfully ?
This weekend , I will go to training ground to learn driving with trainer .
This weekend , I will go to the training ground to learn driving with a trainer .
Though I understand some knowledge , I never drive a car .
Though I understand some of it , I have never driven a car .
There is some stress for this training .
I am a bit stressed about this training .

ATTEMPTED ARSON OCCURED !
What noise it is outside !
How noisy it is outside !
It 's too loud to fall asleep , it 's about 4 : 30 am here in Japan though .
It 's too loud for me to to fall asleep , even though it 's about 4 : 30 am here in Japan .
It 's too loud for me to fall asleep , even though it 's about 4 : 30 am here in Japan .
Nevertheless , my wife seems able to keep sleeping even under
Nevertheless , my wife seems able to continue sleeping even under
Nevertheless , my wife seems able to continue sleeping even under
Nevertheless , my wife seems able to continue sleeping even under
these circumstances .
I can now hear curious onlookers shouting
and screaming , and a fire - engine siren wailing outside near my
apartment .
I wonder if we even here are safe .
I wonder if we are even safe here .
I wonder if we are even safe here .
I wonder if we are even safe here .
The air in Japan is quite dry at this time of the year , so I 'm worried
5
that the sparks set fire to its surrounding houses and spread the fire .
that the sparks will set fire to its surrounding houses and spread
that the sparks may have set fire to surrounding houses and spread .
that the sparks will land on the surrounding houses and cause the fire to spread .
that the sparks set fire to the surrounding houses and spread the fire .
that the sparks might fire to the surrounding houses and spread the fire .
Who did it ?
Who did this ?
I wonder who did this ?
Who did this ?
And what for ?

`` dual `` and `` double ``
are them identical ?
are they identical ?

Monday again . . .
Last week passed quickly , especially the weekend .
I even did n't realize what happened until the week passed .
I even did n't realize what had happened until the week had passed .
And it seemed that I forgot a lot of things , like finding a part time job , making a call to my mom .
And it seems that I forgot a lot of things , like finding a part time job , making a call to my Mom .
I quite did n't know what I was busy with , it just passed .
I do n't really know what I was busy with , it just passed .
Now , let me make a summary of my last week .
First , during the weekday , I got a little busy , and things about my work seemed got better , because my colleagues treated much better last week , and they seemed more believe in me now , except one , who have never say anything nice to me .
First , during the weekday , I got a little busy , and things about my work seemed to get better , because my colleagues treated me much better last week , and they seemed more to believe in me now , except one , who has never said anything nice to me .
But I do n't care much about it , because I will learn about this job as much as possible .
And it becomes my goal of this week .
Actually this job taught me a lot of things , especially the attitude towards work .
Like me , I am not very patient and sensitive about numbers , but now , my work is close related to numbers , It makes me learn to be much more patient and careful .
Like me , I am not very patient and sensitive about numbers , but now , my work is closely related to numbers , It makes me learn to be much more patient and careful .
Since then I am very sensitive with every thing , and every word that my colleagues tell me .
And I have learned another important skill , that is to write down everything that you do n't know , or you can not remember clearly , especially which are very improtant to your job .
And I have learned another important skill , that is to write down everything that you do n't know , or you can not remember clearly , especially things which are very important to your job .
I know that I should be confident , and should be more sensitive , so that my colleges will believe me more .
I know that I should be confident , and should be more sensitive , so that my colleagues will believe in me more .
It is urgent for me to make them believe in me , so they will teach me more , and I will be more skilled with my job .
Then I would like to talk about the weekend .
It seemed like I did n't prepare it well , but it also passed quickly .
It seemed like I did n't prepare for it well , but it also passed quickly .
I have been to see one of my E - friends .
Maybe you will worry about me , but the good news is that I was fine , and I am very happy , because my E - friends treated me well .
He cooked for me .
In fact , this is my second time to meet a E - friend , but these two time all turned out well .
In fact , this is my second time to meet a E - friend , both these times turned out well .
I always believe that there are a lot of good people in this world , and I do n't want to treat everyone as a bad person .
There is an old saying in China says that : Habour no ill intention against others , but never relax vigilance against evil - doers .
I do n't know whether you understand it or not , but sometimes it is quite correct .
Like me , before I went to see my E - friends , I was quite scared , and I was pray for a good luck .
Like me , before I went to see my E - friends , I was quite scared , and I was praying for good luck .
so before you go to see a stranger , you should learn about him as much as possible , like name , age and it will be better if you have seen his / her photos .
You know , when you stay at a big , you shlould be more careful about the things around you .
But donot over react to it , because there are also a lot of nice people in the world !
But do n't over react to it , because there are also a lot of nice people in the world !

Big wave ! !
I live in Kanagawa .
Kanagawa is next Tokyo .
There are many beaches in Kanagawa .
Many big waves are coming to the sea by the influence that Tyhoon is approaching now .
Many big waves are coming from the sea by the influence of a Tyhoon that is approaching now .
It 's good day for surferes .
It 's a good day for surfers .
I have n't tried it .
I have tried a bodyboard .
The bodyboard is shorter than the surfboard .
This is the board that I use and lie on my face on the board .
I 'm going to do bodyboard today afternoon .
I 'm going to go bodyboarding this afternoon .
I 'm looking foward to that .
I hope I can get good waves ^ ^

I 'm really happy ! !
Last Friday , I passed final driving test at my driving school ! ! ! ! !
Last Friday , I passed the final driving test at my driving school ! ! ! ! !
I was really really happy ^ ^
After the test , I said my appriciation to a instructor who cheered me up when I failed the driving test once .
After the test , I said thank you to the instructor who cheered me up when I failed .
Then , he was very pleased with my passing the test .
I was also happy that time .
Although I could graduate the driving school , I was a little sad
Although I could leave the driving school , I was a little sad
because there were many kind instructors in the school .
Thanks to them , I could drive very safely .
Thanks to them , I drive very safely .
Thank you for all instructors in the school ! ! ! !
Thank you to all instructors in the school ! ! ! !
From now on , I 'm going to go to a driving center to take a writing test .
If I pass the test , I can get real driving license ^ ^
By the way , from tomorrow my university will start .
By the way , my university will start tomorrow .
The long spring vacation will be end today .
I 'm very shocked .
I want more long vacation .
I want a longer vacation .
ha - ha ^ ^
See you tomorrow ! !

as a language learner , I have been looking for a useful tool to learn languages for a long long time ! ! !
today , my friend Kayla who is american introduce me this website
Today my friend Kayla , who is American , introduce me to this website .
wow . . . there are so many poeple all over the world ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what is the purpose of us is to learn languages
we can understand the difficulty of each other and correct the mistakes
How great ! ! ! ! ! !
I do wanna recommend my friends this website but I should know how to use it first . jajajaja ~ XD
oh ~ yea ~ last but not least , thank you so much Kayla ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ \ ( > 0 < ) /

What a wonderful site !
Today , I found this wonderful site !
I 've never taken diary in my life , but I 'm sure I can keep updating my boring days for English training .
I 've never written a diary in my life , but I 'm sure I can keep updating my boring days for English training .
I 'll also try to make my life interesting enough for those who will check my awkward English .

Long time no see , friends .
This is the first time to write something after I arrived at the US .
This is the first time I 've written something since I arrived in the US .
When I was in Japan , I had thought that I can be a great English speaker if I live in the US .
When I was in Japan , I had thought that I could be a great English speaker if I lived in the US .
But , it is completely wrong .
But , I was completely wrong .
I have to keep studying , try my best , and be corrected by you ! !

Japanese siege feeling
Japanese siege mentality
Today , Japan is fulled by siege mentality .
Today , Japan is filled with a siege mentality .
Many young Japanese do n't have activeness to working and is uncertainty for their future .
Many young Japanese do n't have the motivation ( ? ) to work and are uncertain about their future .
I ca n't see my future clearly too .
I ca n't see my future too clearly either .
I think Japanese have high ability , so we can more contribute to world .
I think the Japanese have a lot of ability , so we can contribute more to the world .
It is n't good to stay in this country .

Having a job is . . . nice !
I worked for 8 hours yesterday as well ! : D
Ooh ~ I 'm earning lots of money .
Ooh ! I 'm earning a lot of money .
It 's a sedentary job and I think it 's my cup of tea : )
It 's a sedentary job and I think it 's a cup of tea : )
You know , because I suck at dealing with customers , or work that requires a fair amount of communication with the other workers !
Mainly because I suck at dealing with customers , or work that requires a fair amount of communication with other workers !
I 'll keep working until the end of this month .
Looking forward very much to seeing how much money I can get all by myself X )
I am looking forward very much to seeing how much money I can make on my own X )
I 'm really looking forward to seeing how much money I can get by myself X )
About 3 days ago I wrote a diary entry which goes :
About 3 days ago I wrote a diary entry which said :
Yesterday was . . . not my day .
I found myself unexpressed at many bits of the day : (
I found myself at a loss for words for most parts of the day : (
I received a helpful comment telling me that it did n't make sense .
Does `` I found myself not fully expressed by me `` make more sense ?
I used the word `` bit `` as `` a short period of time `` or something like that . ( It 's the British way of using it , I think . ) Someone , please help me out ~ !
Thank you for reading all this !
Thank you for reading all of this !
Tonight I played tennis with a girl at Johoku tennis court .
I like playing tennis .
Every weekend I play tennis with team members .
I want to play well like Federer who is the No . 1 ATP player .
I want to play well like Federer , who is the No . 1 ATP player .
My dream is to meet Federer !

First diary
This night is cold .
It 's cold tonight .
Today . . um . .
yesterday ? Tayfoon came , so the sky was cloudy allday , and temperature did not become high .
yesterday ? Typhoon came , so the sky was cloudy all day , and temperature did not become hotter .
At my house , My mother switch on the hotcarpet .
My mother switch on the hotcarpet at home .
We will set a kotatu , soon .
We will need to turn on a kotatu , soon .
I started to trying to writing a diary in English
I started to try writing a diary in English
started to trying to writing ? ?
started to trying writing ? ?
Is it OK ( ^ ^ ; ? ?
Is it OK ( ^ ^ ; ? ? Yes
I will not write a diary often , but I hope to continue it long time . .
I will not write a diary often , but I hope to continue doing it for as long as I can . .
I hope me , I will continue this .
I hope I will continue in this .
please !

Hello ! !
I 'm Che .
My nickname is from Che Guevara .
Because I love him .
I have many books and dvds about him .
I live in New york .
I 'm a student at ESL .
I came here last summer .
The reason why I live in NY is my boss suggested that .
I 've worked in Japan as a computer engineer .
After I graduated a university , I entered some major company .
After I graduated from a university , I entered some major companies .
Then I 've worked in that company about 3 years .
After that I changed my job .
And I entered a company which is I work now .
And I entered a company which I work now .
Then I 've worked in next company about 2 years .
Then I 've worked in my second company about 2 years .
And I decided to change my job again .
I talked to my boss about retirement .
`` I want to change my job , so I 'm going to quit my job . ``
First , he said only `` Okay `` .
But a few days after , he sent me a mail .
`` Do you wanna go to New york ? ``
My boss is a good business man .
He has many comanys .
And one of them is in NY .
When he was young , he wanted to go abroad .
But it did n't come ture . ( I do n't know why . )
So he wants young people to have a chance to go abroad .
So he suggested to me .
So he suggested me to New York .
When I got this offer , I knew it would be a great opportunity .
So I was thinking all night , and I decided to say `` Yes ! `` .
But , I had a big problem .
When I was a student , I did n't study English at all .
When I was a student , I did n't study English .
Of course I could n't speak it all !
Of course , I could n't speak it !
I should 've spent time on it . . .
Now , I 'm going to a ESL , and after that I 'm working .
Actually , I did n't change a company .
I still belong my comany in Japan .
I still belongs to my company in Japan .
I mean . . .
I 'm working in my room such as soho using internet .
I 'm working in my room just like soho using internet .
And I contact my co - worker using Skype and E - mail .
I can work Japanese comany 's job in NY .
I can do Japanese company 's business in NY .
( It 's difficult to explain in English . . . do you understand ? )
I 'm trying to study everyday .
I 'm trying to study English everyday .
Please check my bad English !
Thank you for your reading .
See you .

I have just come back .
I just got back .
I went to any place today .
I went someplace today .
I ate very special burger that tastes good .
I ate a very special burger that tasted good .
I think It is real local taste .
I think it had a real local taste .
I had a fun .
I had fun .

Go on A Trip
I have to study English now because I have to get a good score on the TOEFL , so please correct my sentences very hard !
These days , I want to go on a trip pretty much .
I have never been abroad .
I played basketball in junior high school and volleyball in high school .
When I played that , I continued it everyday on summer vacation and winter vacation with not so much as rest .
Although I really loved that , as a matter of fact , I want to go on a trip .
Although I really love playing basketball and volleyball , I still want to go on a trip .
I said again and again to my mother that I would like to go somewhere and give me some money to do it .
I have said over and over to my mother that I would like to go somewhere for her to give me some money for it .
She did not give it ; I do not have passport now .
She did not give me any , and I do not have passport right now .
Japan is a small country , however , I could not visit many places .
If I finish my needs , I want to go around Japan first .
Hmm , instead , do I want to go abroad , especially America ?
I am still thinking now .
Do you have any place to recommend for me ? ( anywhere OK )
Do you have any place to recommend for me ? ( anywhere is OK )
Please tell me : )

Baseball game
I went to the Koshien stadium to watch a baseball game , last Friday .
I went to the Koshien stadium to watch a baseball game last Friday .
Hanshin Tigers versus Yokohama Baystars was held .
The match held was the Hanshin Tigers versus the Yokohama Baystars .
We rode a bus and a train to there , and the train was crowded by the people who went to the Koshien stadium .
We rode a bus and a train to get there , and the train was crowded with the people who were going to the Koshien stadium .
I watched the game at a highest seat behind the backstop , and looked very well .
The game was a seesaw game , and excited very much .
There were base runners every innings , and hitted home runs .
There were base runners every inning , and home runs .
We enjoyed very much , and came home at late night , then youngest son was already sleep .
We enjoyed it very much , and came home late at night . By Then our youngest son was already asleep .
I want to go again .

Introduction myself
Introducing myself
Hi , my English name is Thea .
Although I do n't know what does Thea means , I see it in an name dictionary by accident .
Although I do n't know what Thea means , I saw it in a name dictionary by accident .
I like its pronunciation .
My Chinese name is Guan Chenxi , so my English name could be Thea .
If you had a more fitable English name , please tell me ~
If you have a more suitable English name , please tell me ~
At last , I want to say : Nice to meet you ~ ~ ~
Lastly , I want to say : Nice to meet you ~ ~ ~

My black 21 's birthday !
My birthday was in three days ago !
My birthday was three days ago !
That day should be a happy day , but it is n't !
That day should be a happy day , but it was n't !
My family have a row .
My family had a row .
I feeling sed and sister get out of the house !
I felt sad and my sister got out of the house !
What should I do ?
I will back to school soonly , my school in another province !
I will back to school soon , my school is in another province !
My next time back home will in many month later , I realy wan n't to back school in a broken - hearted , but I can do nothing !
My next time back home will in many month later , I really do n't want to back to school with a broken - heart , but I can do nothing !
Next time back home will in many month later , I really do n't want to go back to school in a broken - hearten state , but I ca n't do nothing !

Thursday November 26th 2009
Where do I start ?
Well , it 's very tough to figure out what to write in because my days is always the same routine .
Well , it 's very tough for me to figure out what to write because my days always have the same routine .
As always , there is nothing special to happen today .
As always , nothing special happened today .
Well , I have 94 days left until the return to the college .
Well , I have 94 days left until I return to college .
I think it 's near at hand .
Anyway , I have a plan to go to CheongJu and look for suited room near my college with my friend MinSung on Nov .
Anyway , I have a plan to go to CheongJu and look for a suitableroom near my college with my friend MinSung on Nov .
Anyway , I have a plan to go to CheongJu with my friend MinSung to look for a suitable room near my college on Nov .
Well , I hope that the room would be very silent and calm , not noisy .
Well , I hope that the room will be very silent and calm , not noisy .
Well , I hope that the room will be silent and calm , rather than noisy .
In addition to that , I want it would fit my position .
In addition to that , I want it to fit my position .
I mean it 'll be great if it wo n't cost me much money , because I do n't really want to burden my parents with the rental prices .
I mean it 'll be great if it wo n't cost me much money , because I do n't really want to burden my parents with the rent
Speaking of which , I and Minsung might be suppoesed to live together at that place .
Speaking of which , Minsung and I might have to live together there .
We 've been through this , and he think it 's going to happen , but I do n't decide yet .
We 've been through this , and he thinks it 's going to happen , but I have n't decided yet .
I 've now and then seen some people live together and always put up a fight each other about mean and small stuff and end up hating each other .
I 've seen people live together and always always getting into fights with each other about small stuff and end up hating each other .
I 've seen people live together who always get into fights over small stuff and end up hating each other .
What if I and he would be that case ?
What if that happens to us ?
So , I 'm rather worried about that .
But , there 's a merit .
But , it would have its merits .
Actually we would only use English everytime we 're at our place to improve our English speaking dramtically .
Actually we would use English every time we 're home together to improve our English speaking skills dramtically .
This was Minsung 's idea .
That was Minsung 's idea .
Well , this sounded like very lovely idea to me when he propose that , because I 've thought about that either .
Well , it sounded like a very lovely idea to me when he proposed it , because I 've thought about that too .
Actually I 'm thing about that .
Actually I 'm thinking about that .
Well , I do n't know what is a good decision .
Well , I do n't know what would be a good decision .
Well , I do n't know what is the best decision .
I 'm just hoping to make a great decision .

personnel changes
It starts the new fiscal year from April in Japan .
New fiscal year starts in Japan from April .
In Japan the new fiscal year begins in April .
At my workplace too , the personnel changes were made it public .
At my workplace this year 's personnel changes were announced .
So my immediate boss will move the other post .
So my current boss will move to other post .
My immediate boss will move to another post .
And I get to take the job over from her .
And I will get her job .
I will take on her current position .
I worry about the new job .
Can I do it well ?
Beside , I have to hand mine over to new comer from the day after tommrow . . . !
Oh my . . . ( + _ + ; )
I 'm working late at the office lately .
I 'm working late at the office lately . twice late ?
I 'm working late at the office these days .
I need time more .
I need more time .
I have few time to study English .
I have little time to study English .
Are there any funny planning on April fool around you ?
Are there any funny planning on April ( fool ? ) around you ?
Are you planning any fun for April Fools ' Day ?

I writ my diary the secsend time because dail wrong .
I 'm writing my diary for the second time because wrong . ( ? ? ? )
I wrote my diary twice , because the date was wrong .
I am writting the diary and do a lot of things I chack my e - mail and read hi5 my friend comment to me Hi 5 like face book in english I think It is very famust in thailand and I chat with my friend university we taked about the job she did not to do a job at the moment because I go to out side of bangkok .
I am writing the diary and doing a lot of things I check my e - mail and read hi5 . My friends send comments to me . Hi 5 is like facebook . It is very popular in thailand and I chatted with my university friend . We talked about work . She is not working at the moment because I go to out side of bangkok . ( ? ? ? )
I am writing the diary and doing many other things . I check my e - mail and read my Hi - 5friend 's comments to me . Hi 5 is like Facebook in English . I think It is very famous in Thailand , and I chat with my university friend there . We talked about the job she has . I do not have a job at the moment because I left Bangkok .
she live with her family I know her becarse she went to bangkok to study .
she lives with her family . I know her because she went to bangkok to study .
She lives with her family . I know her because she went to Bangkok to study .
I plant to party this sonday my closed friend brithday .
I plan to party this sunday at my closest friend 's brithday .
This Sunday , I plan to go to my closest friend 's birthday party .
She advise me to go there and I think I will be happy because after I finished university I did not see them for a long time
She advise me to go there and I think I will be happy because after I finished university I did not see them for a long time
She invited me to visit there , and I think I will be happy to go , because since I finished university I have not seen them for a long time
may be we wil be go home late .
maybe we will go home late .
Maybe we will go home late .
because we chat a lot .
Because we chat a lot .

My Front Door
It was hard to unlock the key to my front door recently .
It is hard to unlock the door to my front door recently .
I think because of the temperature or the humidity .
I think it 's because of the temperature or the humidity .
I asked the owner of my house to repair it .
He shaved the wooden door and exchanged the old lock to a new lock .
Thanks to him , I can easily lock and unlock to my front door .

My New Students
I 've been working at a private school for about 6 years .
I teach elementary children ~ high school students English and math .
To teach children is very difficult for me .
Teaching children is very difficult for me .
Because they 're so powerful that I ca n't sometimes control them .
Because they 're so rowdy thatsometimesI ca n't control them .
But also I often get a power from them .
But also I often get strength from them .
So in turn , I want to give them the ability to pass their exams or something .
I think I must be more tough and study harder to see their smile .
I think I must be tougher and study harder to see them smile .
It 's March and the season for entrance .
It 's March and it 's a new semester .
I met many newcomers .
They all look gentle and good children .
They all look like gentle and good children .
I 'm willing to do my best for them .

Happy new year !
Happy new year !
Wish everyone happy !
I wish everyone happiness !
Long time no see !
Do everything all right ?
Is everything all right ?
Could someone spend sometime talking with me ?
I fell alone here .
I feel alone here .
I only want to make friends here .
I hope I can make a lot of friends .
We can talk though we live in different countries !
I wish everyone happy !
I wish that everyone is happy !
Do you have something new ? we can talk !
It takes seventeen muscles to smile and forty - three to frown .
I did n't know I 've used more muscles to frown many days .
I did n't know I 've used more muscles to frown so many days .
Why we feel it 's hard to smile though smiling use less muscle ?
Why do we feel it 's hard to smile even though smiling uses less muscles ?
Why do we feel it 's hard to smile even though smiling uses less muscles ?

Today in the morning .
Today I 'm going to talk about my spent time in the morning ( or time was spent by me in the morning . . .
Today I 'm going to talk about my morning .
I do n't know what is exactly right ) .
( I 'm not sure which is correct . )
I woke up at 7am , because I was woken up by my alarm .
I woke up at 7am , because of my alarm .
Then I did n't get up , instead of it I too on ( or switched on or turned on ) the alarm again , and after I was sleeping up to 7 : 20 am .
Then I hit snooze , instead of turning off the alarm , and I slept until 7 : 20am .
So I had slept almost 20 minutes yet .
So I had slept about 20 minutes longer than I intended .
It helped me to get up as I was energy .
It helped me to get up with energy .
So I got up .
And then I went to the bath to clean my teeth .
And then I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth .
I drank a cup of tea and went to the university .
Sorry , I have a big problem with Perfect Tense and particularly with Perfect Progressive Tense .
Sorry , I have a big problem with Perfect Tense and especially with Perfect Progressive Tense .
I do n't know exactly is Perfect Tense need to use there .
I do n't know exactly when Perfect Tense should be used .
Thank you guys !
Correct me please .

Spring Recess ! !
This is the first time for me to write a journal on this site .
This is the first time I 've written a journal on this site .
I feel nervous a little .
I feel a little nervous .
Anyway , it 's friday !
Anyway , it 's Friday !
And shcool is going to be closed next week because of spring recess .
I do n't have any plans , but I 'm happy because I 'll be able to get more sleep . ( - _ - ) zzz

Pronunciation
I am poor at listening and speaking English correctly .
I am poor at listening and speaking in English correctly .
I am not so good in listening and speaking English correctly .
To speak with collect pronunciation , I read the sentences in the textbook loudly at the bath .
To speak with correct pronunciation , I read the sentences in the textbook aloud at the bath .
To practice speaking with correct pronunciation , I read sentences from the textbook loudly in the bathroom .
But I do not feel making progress in my English .
But I do not feel I am making progress with my English .
But I do n't feel any progress in my English skills .

It 's so tired today > _ <
I 'm so tired today > _ <
because I was drunken last night ~
because I was drunk last night ~
I need to sleep T _ T give to me ! ~
I need to sleep T _ T ! ~
I need to make friend ; ;
I need to make a friend ; ;

run run run
I ran last night for practicing the marathon race .
I ran last night to practice for the marathon race .
I ran last night to practice for the marathon .
But the distance is only 5km - too short to say the `` marathon race `` .
But the distance is only 5km - too short to say it 's a `` marathon `` .
Anyway I practiced with my co - worker .
He also applied for the race .
Yesterday was so cold and windy so that it was too hard for us to run .
Yesterday was so cold and windy it was too hard for us to run .
Yesterday was so cold and windy that it was too hard for us to run .
But we ran about 1 hour with talking each other .
But we ran for about 1 hour talking with each other .
But we ran for about 1 hour while talking to each other .
Now I have a mascular pain . . .
Training body is important .
Training the body is important .
Training the body is important .

I met my friend .
I met my friend .
we played coputer game .
We played a computer game .
we had really fun time kk
We had a really fun time !

Merry Christmas . . .
I wish everyone a happy holiday .
Although to me , today is not the most cheerful day of my life . . .
After Christmas , my father will have a second course of chemotherapy .
Now he is in stable condition , with a good appetite , though he has n't gain much weight in the past few weeks .
Last week I saw the diagnosis report , in which the doctor reported that my father 's rectal cancer is in third phase .
I could n't believe what I saw because only the cancer without distance metastasis can be defined as third phase .
But today , when I had the chance to ask the doctor about this , he said it must be a typo .
My father is still diagnosed with the IV phase of cancer . . .
My father is still diagnosed with IV phase of cancer . . .
Typo . . .
What else can I say . . .
I have prayed many times for a miracle .
Will a miracle happen in 2009 ?

I had a meeting .
I had a meeting last night .
We usually use a internet conference system .
We usually use an internet conference system .
We usually use an internet conference system .
Some people prepare presentation slides ,
but many people make a presentation by only voice .
Such situation make it difficult for me to join a conversation .
In such situation , it gives me difficulty of joining a conversation .
First I have to fix this problem .
I have to fix this problem first
I have to fix this problem .

The cherry blossoms
Have you ever seen the cherry blossoms ?
The cherry blossoms are at thier best now in Japan .
The cherry blossoms are special for Japanese .
The cherry blossoms are special for the Japanese .
We are looking forward the cherry blossoms every spring .
We are looking forward for the cherry blossoms every spring .
The news paper and the wether forecast imform when the cherry tree come out .
The newspaper and the weather forecast inform us when the cherry blossoms come out .
when we look it , we feel gracefulness and frailness .
We love the cherry blossoms .

My House !
My house is near to a post office .
My house is near a post office .
It 's very noisy .
On the left of my house is a barber shop .
To the left of my house is a barber shop .
My house is on the right of the post office .
When I go to the market I can see many kinds of things , such as a barber shop , a shopping mall , and a kids ' school , as well as my school .
When I go to the market I can see many kinds of things , such as a barber shop , a shopping mall , and a kids ' school , as well as my own school .
I belong to a middle class family ; that 's why my house looks like a middle class family house .
Mine is a middle class family ; that 's why I live in a middle class family house .
I live in this house with my parents and my sweet brother .

3 idiots ~
Yesterday I saw the Stars on earth .
Yesterday I saw `` Like Stars on Earth `` .
Today , I see the 3 idiots .
Today , I saw the 3 idiots .
Today , I saw `` 3 idiots `` .
These movies are such a great movies .
These are such great movies .
The director is also the leading man .
The director is also the lead actor .
The two movies made me cry , because I thought about myself .
The two movies made me cry , because they made me think about myself .

My Original Accent
My Native Accent
I was born in north - east Japan .
I was born in north - eastern region of Japan .
Those who were born there have an original accent .
Those who were born there have a distinct accent .
Those who were born there have a distinct / unique accent .
Those who were born there have native accent .
Although there are many accents in Japan , the accent of our area used to be said that it was corny a long time ago .
Although there are many accents in Japan , the accent of our area used to be called `` corny . ``
Although there are many accents in Japan , the accent of our area used to be considered corny a long time ago .
Although there are many accents in Japan , the accents of people in our area are said to be bad a long time ago .
I had been made fun of it in front of my friends when I was a child .
I was made fun of because of my accent in front of my friends when I was a child .
People made fun of me for it , even in front of my friends , when I was a child .
I was made fun for it in front of my friends when I was a child .
I was so humiliated our accent during my chilfood that I tried to modify it .
I was so humiliated by my accent during my childhood that I tried to modify it .
I was so humiliated because of our accent during my childhood that I tried to modify it .
That 's why I can speak common accent too .
That 's why I can speak common accent too .
I took a class to study Japanese language structure to be a volunteer today .
I took a class to study the structure of Japanese language and became a volunteer today .
Our teacher told us we should not be ashamed of our own accents because each accents were created by their cultures .
Our teacher told us we should not be ashamed of our own accents because each accent was created by their cultures .
She let me speak aloud my accent in front of other students .
She let me speak aloud in my accent in front of other students .
She let me spoke aloud using my accent in front of other students .
I wonder if many people all over the world are proud of their original languages .
I wonder if many people all over the world are proud of their native languages .
I wonder if many people all over the world are proud of their native languages .
I 'm very proud of my accent now !
I 'm very proud of my accent now !
Because it was gifted by my ancester .
Because it was gifted by my ancestors .
Because it was a gift from my ancestor .

New Teacher
Today I had a GABA 's lesson with a new teacher who was from England .
Today I had lesson at GABA with a new teacher who was from England .
It was our first lesson , so we made conversation to get to know each other .
First I asked him some basic questions , like `` where are you from ? `` , `` what is your favorite Japanese food ? `` , `` What is your hobby ? `` One of his hobbies was cooking then we talked about cooking and foods .
First I asked him some basic questions , like `` where are you from ? `` , `` what is your favorite Japanese food ? `` , and `` What is your hobby ? `` One of his hobbies was cooking , so we talked about cooking and foods .
He said that there were many Indian curry restaurants in England and they were very popular .
I was very surprised that England people liked very hot curry .
I was very surprised that English people liked very hot curry .
Instead I talked about my favorite Indian restaurant in Ikebukuro .
Then I talked about my favorite Indian restaurant in Ikebukuro .
I liked it very much and one of my friends used to go there three times a day .
He was surprised too .

Toeic exam
Tomorrow morning , I should take a toeic exam in school .
Tomorrow morning , I would take a toeic exam in school .
I often have taken a toeic exam in Korea ,
I have taken a toeic exam in Korea ,
It 's a long time ago .
It was a long time ago .
I 'd like to get a good score .
When I was in Korea , my one of big problems was weak english listening .
When I was in Korea , my one of big problems was my weak English listening skills .
It 's so difficult until now .
It 's so difficult even now .
Yesterday I tried to listen and understand the news ,
but I could n't understand well .
but I could n't understand it well .
I already have been living in Toronto for 3months ,
I have already been living in Toronto for 3 months ,
whenever I went to the theather I am always frustrated .
( Whenever I go to cinema , I get easily frustrated . )
Last saturday , I went to the AMC to watch a movie `` Harry potter ``
I know , It 's not easy understand english without subtitles .
but I could n't everything .
but I could n't understand everything .
When can I be able to understand the news , movies and pop song .
When would I be able to understand the news , movies and pop song ?
I am always dreaming that I am able to travel everywhere without english .
I am always dreaming that I would be able to travel everywhere without the need for English .

listening nimo
listening nemo
Nimo : Dady help me
Nemo : Daddy help me
Dady ? ( blue fish ) : - - - - - - - - nimo nimo !
( I could listen only this )
( I could only hear this )
Narrator : There are 3 . 7 trillion fish in the ocean .
Dady Are you buy my son ( um . . .
I could n't understand it )
Narrator : They are looking for one .
Nimo 's friend ?
Nemo 's friend ?
His son bingo ? ( I 'm not sure )
Nimo what taken chiller ? ? ? ? ( I 'm not sure )
Arrow : Direction ? ?
Arrow : That Direction ? ?
Narrator : Walt Disney Pictures present , PIXAR animation
Narrator : Walt Disney Pictures presents , a PIXAR animation
studios film .
Turtle child : neat
Turtle father tall leg ?
Turtle father : Totally
Dady : I got finding son my nimo ? ? ( impossible )
Daddy : I 've got to find my son Nemo !
Bule fish : - - - - - - he is lost his son fabio ? ?
( I could n't listen first part )
( I could n't hear the first part )
Sharks : fish are french ? ?
Sharks : fish are friends
not boots ? ? ?
Turtle : lap show do ? ? ? ?
Turtle : - - - - - - - - - come up men ? ? ?
Turtle : - - - - - - - - - is coming up man !
Turtle : you mean sworing the boat protect you ? ? ? ?
Fish : you mean the swirling vortex of terror ? !
Turtle : That 's it go go go !
Turtle : That 's it , dude ! Go go go !
Narrator : finding nemo .
Turtle father : Would you like boo , you like booo !
you like ummmm .
unknown What are you taking about .
unknown What are you talking about
You cut serious to you ? ? ? ? ?
My conclusion is that English speakers have good ears . . . it 's difficult .

I 'm fine ! !
I will daily update my best to achieve my goal !

Monday , february , 7 , 2011
today , I do school opening ceremony .
so , It was happy .
so , I was happy .
but , I do coasses , end late .
but my classes ended late .
I again meet friends , teacher .
so , I 'm feeling a good .
so , I 'm feeling good .
I and friends awkward .
Me and my friends felt awkward .
Because , I and friends after a long time .
Because we have n't seen each other after a long time .
I will do my best next semester .
I like class teacher .
I like my class teacher .
because , Teacher always take care of me

Today 's diary
Today 's Diary
Today I was going to English school
Today I was going to go to English school
But I had been worked all night
but I had been working all night
So take a transfer class on this Friday
So I will take a transfer class this Friday
Sorry my teacher
Sorry to my teacher

My first day with Lang - 8
I do n't know who developed this fantastic website .
It is such a great idea to exchange the resources and help each other with their language study .
Now I can give my opinion and receive advices from others instead of just letting my friends help me .
Now I can give my opinion and receive advice from others instead of just letting ( asking ) my friends help me .
On my first day I wrote 11 entries .
What a job !
What a ( lot of work ) !
What more exciting was I received 9 corrects .
What was even more exciting was that I received 9corrections .
My thanks goes to minicat who devoted lots of time and attentions to my long articles , reviewed them one by one and corrected almost all of them for me !
My appreciate also goes to kw0kster , David , Chard , Lu , Kevin , Ari , headlessmunkie .
I also corrected a couple of entries , however , the states of my profile just showed 1 corrections made .
I also corrected a couple of entries , however , the my profile status showed just 1 correction was made .
After the interview , I would help more to give back .
After the interview , I ( will ) help give back more .
Let us make the world better together !

I 'm in Tokyo , which is the capital of Japan , right now .
I 'm in Tokyo , the capital of Japan , right now .
I actually flew to Haneda airport in Tokyo from Tokachi Obihiro airport .
I 'm on my way to Osaka to visit my parents ' house .
I attended the seminar on the way of thinking to make sentences in English .
I attended a seminar how to think while making sentences in English .
I attended the seminar on the `` way to think `` to make sentences in English .
Many Japanese tend to translate literally what they want to say .
Many Japanese tend to translate what they want to say literally .
In this seminar , it 's more important to express what they feel .
For example , if I want to say that he is stubborn , I can say he never changes his opinion .
For example , if I want to say that he is stubborn , I can say he never changes his opinion .
I learnt I need to have more various point of view through this seminar .
I learned that I need to have more various points of view through this seminar .
During this seminar , I learnt that I need to have different point of views . .
It seemed useful enough to expand my expressions .
After the seminar , some participants including the teacher and I went for a drink at a bar .
After the seminar , some participants , including the teacher and I , went for a drink at a bar .
We talked a lot and had a blast , and it was fun that one of the participants talked his experiences when he 'd been in Germay .
We talked a lot and had a blast , and it was interesting that one of the participants talked his experiences when he 'd been in Germany .
We talked a lot and had a blast . I had fun while listening to one of the participants talk about his experiences in Germay .
I 'll fly to Kansai airport in Osaka in the morning .
It 's about time I went to bed .
Incidentally , I write this entry with my iPhone ! !
Incidentally , I 'm writing this entry with / on my iPhone ! !
Incidentally , I wrote this entry using my iPhone ! !

Gasoline and my iphone
Hi everyone ,
Below are my short diaries .
The price of gasoline recently become high in Japan .
I usually use a car on commuting , but I will use a motor cycle to save money .
I usually commute by car , but I 'll use a motor cycle to save money .
I have a iphone3GS and enjoy it .
However it is very very slow for its oparation .
However , it is very very slow to oparate .
I 'm thinking of buying Android or waiting next iphone . . .
Thank you !
Go to the swimming pool
My niece and I went to a municipal indoor swimming pool yesterday .
It is used the heat produced by waste disposal for heating water in the pool .
She is 4 - year old .
She ca n't still swim very well yet , so she wanted to use her inner tube all the time .
She ca n't still swim very well yet , so she wanted to use her inner tube the whole time .
But she improved a little for one hour .
But she improved a little after one hour .
I can swim very well because I used to practice swimming in high school as after - school activities .
I can swim very well because I used to practice swimming in high school during after - school activities .
I was a breaststroker .
I felt myself getting out of shape . . . .
Anyway we had a lot of fun .
Anyway , we had a lot of fun .

Do you know where I was ?
I went somewhere yesterday .
Of course , it is in Japan , but I saw some words written in English , `` TICKET MACHINES `` , `` EXIT `` and `` COUPONTICKET `` .
Of course it is in Japan , but I saw some words written in English : `` TICKET MACHINES `` , `` EXIT , `` and `` COUPON TICKET `` .
Do you know where I was ?
The answer is bus terminal in Fukuoka .
Do you know Fukuoka ?
It 's very nice place .
You should go there .

Let 's get started
I 'm looking for friends who can talk with me on skype : )
a few days ago , I finally created a skype account .
since then I 've used it every day .
it 's awesome . .
why did n't I create it sooner ? > _ <
lately I started working on Indonesia .

Enneagram - the observer
The observer is the fifth character that explain how people escape from any emotional relationship .
He will separate himself by observing people and prefer his private life .
He is quiet and keep thinking .
He is quiet and keep thinking ( is musing ) .
He will be tried when he does n't have time to review information or rethink about the passing situation .
He needs to be in the security when this fifth people is surrounded with society .
He needs to be in the security when these five people are around in society .
He seems to addict with facts and informations .
He seems to addict himselves with facts and information . information has no plural !
While he think more further about mysterios and his interest .
While he thinks more further about mysterios and his interest , . . .
He will go to gather the knowledge .
. . . he will gather the knowledge .
Life will be devide to each part that let him feel safe to separate people to each groups .
Life will be devided into each part that let him feel safe when he separate people into various groups .
Even he does n't like exactly time frame activities , discipline .
Although he does n't like exactly time frame activities and discipline . . . .
He still want to know what people expect from his work or his leisure time , then he can provide a good plan .
. . . he still want to know what people expect from his work or his leisure time . He will be in the position to provide a good plan .
He is good at creativity and make a good decision .
He has a certain creativity and make good decisions .

Nice to meet you !
Hello , I 'm yatch .
I 'm a university student living in Tokyo .
It 's already 1 : 00 a . m . here in Japan so I was going to go to bed ,
but I 've just happened to discover this Lang - 8 and I 've started .
but I just happened to discover Lang - 8 and I 've started ( using it ) .
I want to learn English and teach Japanese .
Let 's learn from each other !

review for the English ability test on last Sunday
On last Sunday I took an English ability test .
Last Sunday I took an English ability test .
There were some different kind questions to check writing skill ; writing your opinion freely , summarizing the reading passage or summarizing the listening dialogue .
There were different kinds of questions to check writing skill , writing your opinion freely , summarizing the reading passage or summarizing the listening dialogue .
I was very bad at summarizing the listening dialogue .
I was very bad at summarizing the listening part of the dialogue .
The result has not came yet , but it 's obvious . . .
The result has not come yet , but it 's obvious . . .
Whenever I hear English dialogue , I can take the minimum information from it to decide what I should do next or what I should answer , but I can not repeat it using other words .
It means my understanding of English is just superficial and my English is very far away from `` frequently `` .
I should do output more , maybe .
sigh . . .

My wife and her cat
We ca n't have a cat in the current apartment but my wife has one when she has been Kyushu .
We ca n't have a cat in the current apartment but my wife had one when she was in Kyushu .
The cat 's name is Rin and now she lives my wife 's parents ' house .
The cat 's name is Rin and now she lives at my wife 's parents ' house .
She is afraid people except my wife 's parents .
She is afraid of everybody except my wife 's parents .
When we visited their house this August and said hello to Rin , She quickly climb to ceiling of the warehouse .
When we visited their house this August and said hello to Rin , She quickly climbed to the ceiling of the warehouse .
Please come to us !

Beef Barbecue Restaurant
Today I was in my friend 's house all day .
Today I was at my friend 's house all day .
I have a lot of job interviews this week , I wrote some resumes .
I have a lot of job interviews this week , so I wrote some resumes .
In the evening , we went to beef barbecue restaurant .
In the evening , we went to a beef barbecue restaurant .
This is a photo of barbecue .
This is a photo of the barbecue .
The beef was burned a lot . lol
However , they were very delicious ! !
I had a really good .
I had a really good time .
exhausted
Yesterday I rided from our main campus to the medical college .
Yesterday , I rode from the main campus to the medical college .
Yesterday I rode from our main campus to the medical college .
It took me about 3 hours .
The roads is not flat , with so many ups and downs .
The roads are not flat , there are so many ups and downs .
The roads are not flat , with so many ups and downs .
When I got my dorm , I was really exhausted .
When I got to my dorm , I was really exhausted .
After taking a warm bath , I went straightly to bed , and slept until noon .
After taking a warm bath I went straight to bed , and slept until noon .
It 's rainy today .
It 's a rainy today .
The sky is gray , and I 'm blue .
My boyfriends has gone home for a week .
My boyfriend has gone home for a week .
But he has never gave me a call .
He never gave me a call .
I want to eat something delicious to release .
I want to eat something delicious to release my anxiety .
I want to eat something delicious to relax .

Full moon
I could see a beautiful full moon last night .
The air was clear because of the recent coldness in cherry - blossom time , so the moon looks brighter .
In Japan , we say two rabbits are pounding rice - cakes with mortar and pestle on the moon .
What do you say about the texture of the surface of the moon in your country ?
Two rabbits , a big crab , side face of a woman , . . . , Please tell let me know that .

My new job !
So long time I did n't write here anything .
For first , I found a job .
First , I found a job .
I think that it 's a good job for a girl who have n't higher educational .
For one year I 'll be working there .
At least I hope .
This is a job in one not big shop of bathroom equipments , ceramics , baths , washbasins etc . .
This is a job in one not big shop of bathroom equipment , ceramics , baths , washbasins etc . . not big = small
For all day I and my two affiliates have been carrying the products , doing price labels and studying the bathroom equipments .
To say a true , now I see dreams about all of it every day !
Today I saw a bath when I was sleeping .
And my affiliate , her name is Galya , she saw a robbery of our shop .
Spending time there is so nice .
I really like it .
Tomorrow I have an off day .
I 'm planning to spend this day in the center of our city .
This is a nice place with a beauty architecture and different shops where you can find some interesting things .
But for real , I love my native place a little bit more than a center of a city .
I live in a small sceince center with a big number of institutes .
I live in a small sceince center with a big number of institutes . science *
I 'll tell about it later because it 's a long theme .
About my job again . .
some time I will be working six day in a week but later this will be just five days and two off days .
some time I will be working six day in a week but later this will be just five days and two off days . sometimes *
I 'll can choose my off days by myself .
I can choose any days what I want .
So . . now I want to sleep .
Now I have n't so many time like I had .
Good night .
I feel not good now , but I really glad that I have a job .
I feel not good now , but I am really glad that I have a job .
By the way , my affiliates are so nice people .
By the way , my affiliates are such nice people .
It 's a girl and a boy who a little bit older than me .
There 's a girl and a boy who is a little bit older than me .
I hope that we will be good friends besides affiliates .
that 's a rythme !
But not right sentence I suppose .
My English is terrible , so enought .
My English is terrible , so enought . enough *
I 'll go to sleep .

Friends in my junior high school age
I 'm surprised that I suddenly accepted messages on a Japanese SNS from my junior high school friends who I had not seen for more than twenty years .
I was surprised when I suddenly accepted messages on a Japanese SNS from my junior high school friends who I had not seen for more than twenty years .
He sent me an email .
He gave me an email .
He showed me my friend 's account on the Japanese SNS .
I sent an email to them .
I sent emails to them .
No one did not remember me clearly .
However , no one did not remember me clearly .
I belonged to the track & field club in my junior high school age .
There will be an alumni association of the track & field club in the next summer .
We will have an alumni association of the track & field club in the next summer .

I useally study at a certsin cafe & restrant which name is Saizeria .
I usually study at a certain cafe & restrant which is called Saizeria .
I also wanted to study at there .
I wanted to study there .
And I was into there , ordering some foods .
Also , I was in there ordering some food .
But , one stuff told me that do n't study here because we are busy .
However , one staff told me ' do n't study here because we are busy ' .
I got off there because of uncomfortable .
I got out of there because it was uncomfortable .
I can study rather than at home to the cafe .
I can study at home rather than the cafe .

annoying morning
This morning I have to sit with my little cousin , Dima .
This morning I have to sit with my little cousin , _ Dima .
He is so annoying ! Do n't think I am so evil , I do love children .
He is so annoying ! _ Do n't think I am so evil , _ I do love children .
But he makes me feel angry .
But he makes me angry .
Although he is already 3 years old , he cries like a new - born baby , while his mum is out ! Not only cries , but even shouts .
Although he is already 3 years old , _ he cries like a new - born baby _ while his mum is out ! _ He not only cries , _ but even shouts .
I do n't even know how to calm him down .
He only cries and cries this word : `` MUM `` Omigod , soon I 'll go crazy .
He only cries and cries this word : _ `` MUM `` Omigod , _ soon I 'll go crazy .
I nead some earphones .

I 'm happy to make many friends here : )
( In order to know from each other , now let me introduce myself to you )
My name is WangHuan .
My name is Wang Huan .
I 'm from Xi ' an International University .
I am a junior studennt major in Japanese .
I am a junior student majoring in Japanese .
After graduated from high school in June , 2008 , I have studied japanese for neary two years since August , 2008 .
After graduating from high school in June , 2008 , I have studied Japanese for nearly two years since August , 2008 .
With my hardwork and teacher 's instruction , I have grasped daily conversation and English and Japanese Writing .
At present I am learning computer by myself .
At present I am learning to use a computer by myself .
I can use computer to deal with some graph and data statistics and so on .
I can use the computer to deal with graph and data statistics and so on .
I am not good at communicating with people before , but during the living at University , a Classes cadre as I am , my ability of communication has been increased .
I was not good at communicating with people before , but while living at University as a class cadre my ability to communicate has increased .
Im frank and has the patience to any matter and the sense of responsibility .
I 'm frank and have the patience to deal with any matter . I also have a strong sense of responsibility .
Although I have not graduated , but noing can question my will and I have the confidence to the future .
Although I have not graduated yet , I have confidence in the future .
I will well prepared to accept future challenge .
I will be well prepared to accept future challenge .
Finally , best wishes for my friend .
Finally , best wishes for my friends .
( I wound like you to correct my error )
( I would like you to correct my errors )

Took train to work
I usual run to work , but take trains to work on rainy days .
I usually run to work , but I take the train to work on rainy days .
We had two - days rain , so I took trains .
We had two days of rain , so I took the train both days .
Since I have to take two trains to work and there are some time loss , it takes more time to go to work by train than on foot .
Since I have to take two trains to work , and there is some lost time , it takes more time to go to work by train than by foot .
This is the disadvantage of taking trains .
On the other hand , the advance is that I can read books in the train .
On the other hand , the advantage is that I can read books on the train .
I could read some classic novels these two days .

a struggle
Last weekend , I quarreled with older brother .
Last weekend , I quarreled with my older brother .
until now , my angry is n't gone .
Really really I hate my brother .
I really , really hate my brother .
Because he find quarrel in a straw .
I really do n't want to live with him .
But my parant say me
`` You are a girl .
so be danger for living by yourself ``
and . `` You must stand for the angry .
Because you are a younger sister . ``
I do n't understand .
For a while , I will be in the blues .

september 9th
I was disappointed today .
I studied English textbook , and I tried some listening parts .
I could n't catch most words . . . .
I could n't understand most words . . . .
I 'm not familiar with British sounds , but I was shocked . .
I 'm not familiar with British sounds , but I was shocked at how little I knew !
I have to practice more .

I run near my house twice a week for the health .
I run near my house twice a week to keep fit .
I usually run about 6 km .
I usually run about 6 kilometers .
I sometimes run up to 10 km .
I sometimes run up to 10 kilometers .
It takes for about 40 minutes to run about 6km .
It takes about 40 minutes to run about 6 kilometers .
My pace is usually 6 minutes per 1 km .
My pace is usually 6 minutes per 1 kilometer .
I run for the halth , so I never overdo .
I run for my health so I never over do .
If I feel something bad , I do n't run longer than usual .
If I feel something bad , I run shorter than usual .
But I run at least about 3km when I feel someting bad .
But I run at least 3 kilometers when I feel something bad .
If I feel good , I sometimes run much longer than usual .
If I feel good , I sometimes run much longer than usual .
Maybe I run about 10 km slowly when I feel good .
Maybe I run about 10 kilometers when I feel good .

Debit Card incorrectly
I found incorrect history in my debit card .
I found a mistake in my debit card history .
I shopped in the supermarket on a snowy day .
I shopped at the supermarket on a snowy day .
The price was doubly claimed .
What should I do ?

IM FAMISHED
Today , I had five classes whose subjects are The Japanese Constitution , Postcolonial literature , Ethics , English literature and Educational system .
The hours of one class are ninty munites , so I got exhausted .
one class is ninety minutes , so I got exhausted .
We do n't pay tuition per one class but stated cost in each university unlike universities in other countries .
We do n't pay tuition per class but stated cost in each university unlike universities in other countries .
I take as many classes as possible , because I have a voracious appitate for studying !
I take as many classes as possible , because I have a voracious appetite for studying !
But , sometimes my fatigue beats my motivation > < Since I have been pressed for time because of heaps of assignments , I have slept 5 hours on average recently .
But , sometimes my fatigue beats my motivation > < Since I have been pressed for time because of heaps of assignments , I have been sleeping 5 hours on average recently .
I really need time off . . .
In Japan , some students often sleep during a class at an university .
In Japan , some students often sleep during a class at a university .
I , however , have heard that university students in , for example , America never sleep while taking a class .
Is that right ?
Have a nice day !

self - introduction
Self - introduction
my name is Tatsuki Kaniwa .
My name is Tatsuki Kaniwa .
I 'm 25 years old .
I 'm 25 years old .
I 'm learning English seriously because my dream is to be an English teacher in high school .
I 'm learning English seriously because my dream is to be a high school English teacher .
I 'm serious about learning English & nbsp ; because my dream is to become an English teacher in high school .
when I was university student , my major was English literature .
when I was a university student , my major was English literature .
When & nbsp ; I was a university student , my major was English literature .
after graduating from the university , I lived in Canada for one year to study English .
after graduating from the university , I lived in Canada for a year to study English .
After graduating from the university , & nbsp ; I lived in Canada for one year to study English .
this May I came back to Japan .
This May & nbsp ; I came back to Japan .
I want to make a lot of friends , so please contact me .
I & nbsp ; want to make a lot of friends , so please contact me .

Japanese likes Manga and Game !
Japanese likes `` Manga `` .
Japanese like to read `` Manga `` .
Recently , I think that Japanese likes a game too .
Recently , I think that Japanese like to play a games too .
There are adults who play game in the train .
There are adults who play games in the train .
They use a portable game player for example NINTENDO DS , PSP ( PlayStationPortable ) , or something .
The other day , I saw a women who play game walking a busy street !
The other day , I saw a woman playing a game and walking in a busy street !
I like playing a game too .
I like playing games too .
But we must choose places to play a game .
But we must choose the correct places to play a game .
I wonder What do foreigners think about this .
I wonder what do foreigners think about this .

My Plans To Improve Speaking Skill
I do n't speak English so much recently .
Since both my language exchanging partners , Zac and Mark are busy for school , I sometimes talk to them though , I think it is n't enough for me to speak English .
Since both my language exchanging partners , Zac and Mark are busy at school , I sometimes talk to them though , I think it is n't enough for me to speak English . I got it !
I believe that the best way to improve speaking skill is speaking English more and more .
All my friends who had already mastered another language advice same things to me .
Therefore , I have several plans after I will move to a new place .
I will go to English conversation school everyday .
I 'm a student of online English conversation school and I already take English lessons everyday though , it is n't enough for me .
In addition , I want to try to find a partner who can do languages exchange in person there .
Skype is one of the best way to speak English though , I really want to speak English more in my real life .
I also want to speak to Mark who is one of my language exchanging partner in parson after he will study abroad in Japan .
Since Mark and I are interested in art , I sometimes want to go to Art Museums with him and learn English about art from him in our conversation .
I really hope that I can meet a good English teacher like my current teacher Sean and I also can meet a good language exchanging partner like my best Skype friends Zac and Mark in person after I will move to a new place .

Hi , guys !
How are you ?
I 'm very tired . .
I 'm very tired .
Well , , I 'm a girl sixteen years old .
Well , I 'm a sixteen year old girl .
So , I ca n't use English very well . .
So , I ca n't [ speak / write ] English very well .
such me , nice to meet you !
That is me . Nice to meet you !
Today , I went to high school .
Today I went to high school .
It was very boring . .
So , I want my teacher to be interesting .
I want my teacher to be interesting .
Thanks for read my daily .
See you ! and good night .

My English teacher .
I 've learning English at the community center twice a month , first and third Thuesday .
I had a lesson today instead first Thursday because 1th January is National holiday called `` Osyougatu `` in Japan .
Our teacher is English .
He was taking holiday from 18th December to 18th January .
He was taking a holiday from the 18th of December to the 18th of January .
So we had a lesson another teacher who is Ethiopian duerng his holiday .
So we had a lesson with another teacher who is Ethiopian during his holiday .
We have a lesson from Ethiopian more than English teacher lately .
We have had lessons from the Ethiopian more than the English teacher lately .
Honestly I like Ethiopian than English , I seem I 'm incompatible with English teacher .
I feel he is always nasty to us .
For example
He question one by one , we try to answer but some student can not answer
He questions us one by one , and we try to answer but some students can not answer .
When another student helps to the one , he said at once `` I asked her , not you . ! ``
When another student helps them , he says at once , `` I asked her , not you . ! ``
It ended unplasant atmosphere .
It ended with an unpleasant atmosphere .
After that we feared all this time .
After that we feared this time .

Cleaned My Apartment .
I have cleaned my apartment all day today .
Because , My friends are going to stay two night during next weekend .
I cleaned bathroom , restroom , kitchen and my room .
So many places .
I 'm so tired now .
But , I 'm looking forword to my friends coming here .
But , I 'm looking forword to my friends coming .
This weekend is going to finish after 2 hours .
This weekend is going to end in 2 hours .
I have to sleep early today .
I have to go to sleep early today .
Good night every one .
And please give me advice about this diary .
Thank you .

happy day or gloomy day
It 's my birthday yesterday .
It was my birthday yesterday .
My friend told me that she wanna give me a suprise .
My friend told me that she wanted to give me a surprise .
She took the phone numble of my ex .
She asked me my ex - boyfriend 's phone number .
I thought she would call him because she known I 'm very very very missing him .
I expected she would call him , because she knew I 'm missing him so bad .
I miss him .
But he do not miss me .
But I suppose he does not miss me .
Then I told the girl - - - do n't do anything .
So I told the girl not to do anything .
I do n't want to give hime any trouble .
Waiting , just waiting .
I 'm waiting , just waiting .
It 's qixi day today .
Lover 's day .
It 's lover 's day .
I am still waiting .

Farm life
I 'm living at farm which is Sussex at New Brunswick .
I 'm living on a farm in Sussex , New Brunswick .
There are 5 cats , 5 horses , 4 cows , 3 dogs , 3 pigs , probably 20 laying hens and vegetable garden !
They have 5 cats , 5 horses , 4 cows , 3 dogs , 3 pigs , probably 20 laying hens and a vegetable garden !
The farm is on a hill .
The location is so nice .
It 's very calm and clear air .
It 's very calm and the air is clear .
There are many stars in the sky at midnight .
There are many stars in the sky at night .
I did n't know that we can see it all directly even though except a telescope .
I did n't know we would be able to see them without a telescope .
Also I was noticed my city is bright .
Also I noticed my city is bright .
We 've forgotten there are many stars in the sky .
We 've forgotten that there are many stars in the sky .
If they noticed it , they turn off lights more than before notice .
When we notice we turn off the lights more often than before .
If we 'd notice it , we 'd turn the lights off more than usual .
I knew , I like nature and animal but I 'd not known , I like a farm life so much .
I knew , I liked nature and animals but I did not know , I would like farm life so much .
I was living at Tokyo in Japan before I 've come Canada since 30th , May , 2011 .
I was living in Tokyo , Japan before I ' came to Canada , on May 30th , 2011 .
I could feel it strongly .
Tokyo is busy and always crowded that why .
because Tokyo is always busy and crowded .
I hope I could live in a rural place .
I hoped I could have the chance to live in a rural place .

Nice site
This is my first piece of diary .
I hope that there are some nice people who would like to teach me with my poor English .
I was surprised when I knew about this website .
I was surprised when I found out about this website .
It is a nice site that people may help others with different languages .
Also , we may meet new friends too .
The aged relieve Japan ?
Or the aged are giants ?
These days TV often shows shops , hotels , and services scrambling to gather the aged around the clock .
Of course , this is because the aged have more money than the younger .
Of course , this is because the elderly have more money than the youngters .
In an aging society , the aged are important targets .
In an aging society , the elderly are an important target market .
Media and their peers are intent on improving the circulations in order not to shrink Japan 's economy .
On the whole , a society 's revenue must be equal to its expenditure .
Saving money is loomig as the bad circulation .
Saving money is considered as the bad circulation .
Japan also has defied the woes that have beset other countries .
Ailing Japan eyes a salvation of attracting the aged .
Ailing Japan sees a way out by attracting the aged .
Today words
circulation , around the clock , defy , woes , beset , peer , shrink , revenue , loom , scramble , an aging society , ailing , salvation , giant

Hong Kong
I am plannning to stay in Hong Kong for a month .
I am planning to stay in Hong Kong for a month .
It is my first stay in Hong Kong .
And I 've serched information about where to stay there .
And I 've searched information about where to stay ( there ) .

May I know the housing price in your place ?
I tried to rent a house these days and had an interesting discovery .
In the place that I want to rent house , the average price you buy a house is about 350000 ( $ 5484 . 5 ) yuan per square meter and the average price you cost to rent 60 square meter house is about 5000 yuan per month .
In the place that I want to rent a house , the average price you buy a house for is about 350000 ( $ 5484 . 5 ) yuan per square meter and the average price you cost to rent a 60 square meter house is about 5000 yuan per month .
Consider you are the house owner , the house will cost you 2100000 yuan .
Consider if you are the house owner , the house will cost you 2100000 yuan .
If you let the house , you can get 60000 yuan one year .
If you let the house , you can get 60000 yuan per year .
That is to say , you money only grow in a rate of 2 . 86 % , while the current one - year deposit rate is 3 . 5 % .
That is to say , you money only grows at a rate of 2 . 86 % , while the current one - year deposit rate is 3 . 5 % .
With the fact that the house price have stopped from rising , why not the house owner sell the house and deposit the money to bank or doing other investment ?
With the fact that the prices of houses have stopped rising , why does n't the house owner sell the house and deposit the money into a bank or other investments ?
Is the housing price in Beijing is too more high ?
Is the housing price in Beijing too high ?
Or is the rent price is too low ?
I would like to the housing price and rent place in your place , could you tell me ?
I would like to know the housing prices and rental price in your place , could you tell me ?
S : I 'm practicing my English also , so I would appreciate your corrections . : )

First trial
I took photos yesterday with my new digital camera .
I could n't handle it well yet , but I felt the camera had very good performance .
I could n't handle it well yet , but I felt the camera performed well .
The attached photo is some street scene at Stanford university .
The attached photo is a street scene at Stanford university .
I like this photo .
I set the camera 's mode as Nostalgic Mode .
I set the camera 's mode to Nostalgic Mode .
I think the atmosphere looks like old time .
What do you think ?
Please tell me your impression .

Cell phone ( 2 )
My cell phone has some functions .
I often use the camera .
And find something interesting to take pictures and post my blog .
And find something interesting to take pictures of and post to my blog .
Recent phones have become so increasingly expensive .
And once you buy a new cell ,
can not to buy a replacement for two years .
you ca n't buy a replacement for two years .
Young as well as many more features that we must join the plan .
For example . . . family plan , students plan , couple plan and so on .
These are the requirements one by one to target .
Some people also do the same plan , but the price are different .
Some people also do the same plan , but the prices are different .
to be continue .
to be continued .

The new compact digital camera is great
The new compact digital camera CX2 is released from Ricoh .
The new compact digital camera CX2 has been released by Ricoh .
The new compact digital camera CX2 has been released by Ricoh .
This new camera has the new function .
This new camera a new function .
This new camera a new function .
It can take the photograph like the miniature .
It can take photographs that look like miniatures .
It can take photographs that look like miniatures .
I 'm looking at the landscape like toys .
The landscape looks like a toy landscape .
The landscape looks like a toy landscape .
Age of the future , I think that the new compact digital camera has the feature .
In the future , I think that the new compact digital cameras will have this feature .
In the future , I think that the new compact digital cameras will have this feature .
The photograph below is took by the new digital camera .
The photograph below was taken with the new digital camera .
The photograph below was taken with the new digital camera .
Do you look at the landscape like toys ?
Does n't this landscape look like a toy lanscape ?
Does n't this landscape look like a toy landscape ?

Lunch Time Trip !
Lunchtime Trips !
My office is near by a botanical garden .
My office is near a botanical garden .
My office is near a botanical garden ,
So sometimes I go there to have a lunch .
Sometimes I go there to have lunch .
so sometimes I go there to have my lunch .
I usually buy breads and drink , and bring it to there .
I usually buy breads and drink , and bring it there .
I usually buy breadand drink , then bring it there .
In the garden , there is also a small restraint .
In the garden , there There is also a small restaurant in the garden .
There is a small restaurant in the garden .
Having a lunch under cherry blossoms is a fantastic experience !
Having lunch under cherry blossoms is a fantastic experience !
Moreover , a small mountain and a lake is also near by my office .
Moreover , a small mountain and a lake is also near my office .
Besides the nice botanical garden , there are also a small mountain and a lake near my office .
It takes about 5 minutes by bicycle .
It takes about 5 minutes by bicycle to go there .
There is also cafe & dinning by the lake .
There is also cafes by the lake .
By the lake stands some cafes .
Sometime , I take a hotdog and a couple of coffee .
Sometime , I take a hotdog and coffee .
Sometimes , I order a hotdog and a cup of coffee at a cafe .
Or another time , I eat TAKOYAKI , a kind of snack which is famous in western area of Japan .
Other times , I eat TAKOYAKI , which is a kind of snack that is famous in western area of Japan .
, And sometimes I prefer to have TAKOYAKI , a famous snack in western Japan , instead .
In spring , I can see a new branch of trees .
In spring , I can see the new branches of trees .
I can see the new branches of trees in spring there .
In autumn , I can sleep on many fallen leaves .
Having a lunch in the atmosphere is very comfortable .
Having unch outdoors is very pleasant .
Having unch in such an atmosphere is also very pleasant .
In this way , I always try to eat a lunch in new situation .

Nice to meet you !
Hello everyone !
Today I come here to learn more about English writing skill .
Today , I came here to improve my English writing skills .
Although I have studied English for many years , writing a essay is hard for me .
Although I have studied English for many years , writing an essay is hard for me .
So I think writing once a day can help my English ability .
So I think writing once a day will help my English ability .
I have seen some people diaries .
I have seen some other people 's diaries .
They are good at their second language .
I really envy them !
Expect I will pass through the difficult .
By the way , if you have problems at Chinese , I can help you .
By the way , if you have any problems with Chinese , I can help you .
Three cats in the bathroom
When I take a bath , my three cats enter the bathroom .
Male cats Kurochan and Dorachan drink the water in the bathtub .
The male cats Kurochan and Dorachan drink the water in the bathtub .
A female cat Myuchan laps up the water at the edge of bathtub .
A female cat Myuchan laps up the water from the edge of bathtub .
I like seeing they are lapping the water .
I like watching them lapping up the water .

I learned the words `` Snow day `` .
It means `` School is closed because of heavy snow `` .
It means the `` School is closed because of heavy snow `` .
It 's little snow in my schooldays in Nagasaki .
But they called off school because of typhoon .
However , they often called off school because of a typhoon .
What should I say ?
Typhoon day ?

Being busy
My job situation is becoming busy again recently so I called baby sitter today .
My job situation is becoming busy again recently so I called a baby sitter today .
She takes care and looks after my daughter at her house .
Today was ok , because I was able to be back in home earlier than I thought .
Today was ok , because I was able to be back at home earlier than I thought .
But one example , past March , I was pretty busy .
I could n't reach home before 9 pm almost while that time and had to rely on beby sitter everyday .
I could n't get back home before 9 pm for awhile and had to rely on baby sitter everyday .
And now , my job is becoming busy again ( even gradually ) and I 'm pretty sure that I 'll be much busy this summer .
And now , my job is becoming busy again ( even gradually ) and I 'm pretty sure that I 'll be much busier this summer .
Although I do n't hate my job , I 'm sad that I ca n't spend enough time with my precious daughter .
But this is the my way , I choose it by myself so I never be able to give up .
But this is my way , I choose it by myself so I 'll never be able to give up .
A glass of beer might helps me a lot : P

The Fireworks at Tokyo bay
I went to see the fireworks at Tokyo bay yesterday .
This year I gain two special tickets for minato - ku residence people .
This year I received two special tickets for people who live in Minato - ku .
So , we could sit seat in front of fireworks .
So we could sit in front of the fireworks .
It was so beautiful one and worth to see every year ! !
It was so beautiful and worth it to see it every year ! !

I went to Whistler yesterday .
My host family suddenly asked me if I would be free last weekend .
Of course , I was free therefore I was taken to there .
Of course , I was free therefore I was taken there .
It is a main place where mountain games will take place in 2010 Vancouver Olympic .
It is the main place where mountain games will take place in the 2010 Vancouver Olympics .
I hiked there and on the lakeside .
It was very beautiful .
There is a lot of nature .
Even buildings in Whistler Village were beautiful .
Even the buildings in Whistler Village were beautiful .
It was like Canada that I imaged before I came to Canada , or more .
It was like the Canada that I imaged before I came to Canada , or more .
I enjoyed very much .
I enjoyed it very much .
I wanted to stay and spend slow life more .

Big mirror
Today , I went to help the delivery of furniture .
Today , I went to help with the delivery of furniture .
Today I went to help deliver some furniture .
Today I went to help deliver furniture .
I got a huge mirror so disposed .
I got a huge mirror that was being disposed of . ( ? )
I place the mirror on my desk back soon .
I placed the mirror on the back of my desk .
I will soon place the mirror behind my desk .
I like this size ! !
I like its size
Because the room appear larger in the mirror effect .
Because the room appears larger because of the mirror effect .
because the room appears larger with the mirror in it .
But , It 's too big for my desk .
Unfortunately , it 's too big for my desk .
I have to find good way . . . . .
I have to find a good way to put it up . . . . .

We face a serious crisis now
= = = please correct this = = = =
We have hardly days now .
I think the earthquake will calm down if there not coming large after quakes .
I think the earthquake will calm down if there are no more aftershocks .
But the accident of nuclear plant is too much serious .
But the nuclear plant accident is much too serious .
Our Japan have devastated twice of atomic bombs .
Japan has been devastated twice by atomic bombs .
We know the cities will be restored .
However now FUKISHIMA nuclear plant go bad .
However , now the Fukishima nuclear plant went bad .
I think maybe there will be after - the - fact report .
I think maybe there will be after - the - fact reports .
The melt down was happened .
The melt down has happened .
and leaking water including high level radioactive .
The electric systems have broke and people ca n't go in the dangerous area have 1000msv radioactive .
I have anxiety .
but we must solve it .
But we must solve it .

Today , I got bonus .
Today , I got my bonus .
I have some idea to spend money .
I have some idea on how to spend the money .
But I can ` t deside wthat to spend it .
But I ca n't decide what to spend it on .
I want to buy a ipod usic player .
I want to buy an ipod music player .
I want to take a flower essense seminar .
I want to take a flower essence seminar .
It is very important and necessary to my job .
But it is expensive seminar .
But it is an expensive seminar .
I want to play billiards .
I like play it .
I like playing it .
I want to go to the kaiten sushi bar .
I want to eat sushi ` s full .
I want to eat sushi until I get full .
Everybody what do to use about a bounus ?

I ca n't sleep !
It 's 5 am now , but I still stay up .
It 's 5 am now , but I am still awake .
It 's 5 am now , but I am still awake .
I ca n't sleep though I have a work today !
I ca n't sleep even though I have work today !
I ca n't sleep and I have a work today !
Hot soymilk usually helps me to sleep , but the soymilk magic did n't work today .
Hot soymilk usually helps me sleep , but the soymilk magic did n't work today .
I must be sleepy when I have to go .
I will be sleepy when I 'm leaving .
Could you let me know how to sleep well ?
Could you tell me know how to sleep well ?

Now , I have to increase my English skill because it is essential for the college entrance examination .
Now , I have to improve my English skill because it is essential for the college entrance examination .
The college I want to enter demand very flexible English skill .
The college that I want to enter demands a very flexible English skill .
But I was not hard learner , so I can not write English sentences fluently .
But studying English for me is quiet hard so I can not write English sentences fluently .
But I was not hard studier , so I can not write English sentences fluently .
By the way , I think it 's very silly to learn another language just for passing the exam .
By the way , I think it 's very silly to learn another language just for passing an exam .
So I really want to communicate with native speakers .
I can introduce some of Japanese things if you write as a comment .
I can share with you some Japanese things if you write a comment .
I 'm glad if you correct my sentences very strictly because I really want to write in English quite naturally .
I will be glad if you will correct my sentences strictly , because I really want to write in English naturally .
I 'm sorry for my bad English !

A new semster !
A new semester !
Tomorrow a new semster will begin .
Tomorrow a new semester will begin .
I do n't want to go to class .
After one and a half year I will graduate from my college .
In a year and a half I will graduate from college .
I have prepared to take the IELTS exam in May .
I 've been studying to take the IELTS exam in May .
But one of my friend think I should take BEC first , and then finish the IELTS in July or August .
But one of my friends thinks I should take BEC first , and then finish the IELTS in July or August .
Because BEC is good for job hunting .
That 's because the BEC is good for job hunting .
Now I have no idea what should I do .
Now I have no idea what should I do .
Can you give me some suggestions , my dear friends ? I am really confused now .
Can you give me some suggestions , my dear friends ? I am really confused now .

A new printer .
I bought a new printer .
It was hard to set up until I could print out a 1 page .
It was hard to set up before I could print out a page .
It took a longer time more than I expected .
It took longer than I expected .
I used to use it easy .
I used to use it easily .
Back then , it was n't takes time long until I could print it out .
Back then , it did n't take a long time before I could print it out .
It is hard to keep up with new technology .
It is ( or It 's ) hard to keep up with new technology .

Monday ! !
Monday , I did an operation my right knee .
After this , I will play handball ! !
Once it 's healed , I can play handball ! !
I 'm happy .
And I left a hospital yesterday .
And I left hospital yesterday .

Accident : (
I fell over by bicycle on my way home .
I fell ( off ) by bicycle on my way home .
I have never fallen down by scooter so it was been a long time since I have hurt myself .
I have never fallen ( off my ) scooter ( , so ) it ( had ) been a long time since I ( had last ) hurt myself .
How the accident has happened is I was riding along a road but then the road disappeared so I had to go over to a carriageway , there was a small step , I tried to step over but I could n't since I was going kind of perpendicular to the road and tumbled over with the bicycle .
How did the accident happen ? I was riding along a road but then the road disappeared so I had to go over to a carriageway . There was a small step , so I tried to step over it but I could n't since I was going kind of perpendicular to the road . Thus I ended up tumbling over it while I was still on the bicycle .
I scraped my knees and elbows plus , got blues .
I grazed my knees and elbows and also had a few blue - black bruises .
However In some way , I think I was lucky , it could be worse .
( However , in ) some way , I think I was lucky ( ; it ) could be worse .
I am glad there was no car coming behind me .
I am glad there was no cars coming from behind me .
I remember when I was little , I hurt myself exactly the same way .
I remember when I was little , I hurt myself in exactly the same way .
Bicycle is dangerous .
A bicycle is dangerous .
My bicycle 's handlebar bent , so I had to keep it diagonally to keep going straight .
My bicycle 's handlebar bent , so I had to keep it ( diagonal ) to keep going straight .
The wound is not too bad but I was a bit embarrassed .
The wound is not too bad ( , but ) I was a bit embarrassed .
I was very scared to ride today .
Even the small steps scared me and I was riding very carefully .
Even the small steps scared me ( , even though ) I was riding very carefully .
I wish I had a car !

It has a long time I did n't write an entry and now I 'm here again .
It has been a long time since I last wrote an entry but now I 'm here again .
I been stopping learning Korean for a number of weeks already .
I stopped learning Korean a few weeks ago
These days I just realized that I should learn my ENGLISH !
These past days I realized that I should just focus on my English !
I 'm figuring out what 's wrong with my English .
I 'm trying to figure out what 's wrong with my English .
I feel frustrated .
For the past few weeks , I been playing a website called Omegle .
For the past few weeks I have been frequenting a website called Omegle .
It 's a website who is random let you talk to strangers .
It 's a website that lets you talk to strangers at random .
I have fun on it though .
It lets me know my English level .
It helps me understand what my current English level is .
I can not understand English Native Speakers .
I can not understand native English speakers yet .
I think that 's a lot of slang inside their conversations .
I think they use a lot of slang in their conversations .
Do you think I talk to them will improve my English skills ? ?
Do you think that talking to them could improve my English skills ?

Serious topic
I 'm a nerd .
So I know North Korea has been making nuke weapon ! ! !
So I know North Korea has been making nuclear weapon !
And I watched on TV that US jernalists were detained in North Korea .
And I watched on TV that US journalists have been detained in North Korea .
Why were they in North Korea ?
They did n't know the situation there ?
Did n't they know the situation there ?
jernalists are so crazy that go to dangrous places , even though there is possibility to die .
Journalists that go to dangerous places are so crazy , even though there is possibility of dying .
I respect them , but I will never go to war place ! ! !
I respect them , but I will never go to war zone !
By the way , If they launch the misile , which country will be the target ?
Is it Korea or Japan ?
Will it be Korea or Japan ?
Or are they brave enough to attack US directly ?
Or are they brave enough to attack the US directly ?
Anyway no country is interested in Philippines , so . . . .
Anyway no country is interested in the Philippines , so . . . .
What a peaceful world here ! ! ! ! !
What a peaceful world we have here !
I heard there are some pirates in the Philippines , and they kidnap people and kill them .
I heard that there are pirates in the Philippines , and that they kidnap people and kill them .
Maybe bandit too .
Maybe bandits too .
It seems to me that I need a machine gun for protecting myself .

also today , yangyang come here
I think he live in my house . . .
I think he lives in my house . . .

You made my day
`` You have your whole live ahead of you ``
`` You have your whole life ahead of you ``
That is one person 's word which I 've just got when I ask something about live in a little while ago .
That is one person 's words I just got when I ask something about life a little while ago .
That is one person 's word which I 've just gotten when I asked something about life a little while ago .
I sometime feel insecure about my way if I should get things going whether or not .
I sometime feel insecure about my ways if I should get things going or not .
I sometimes feel insecure about my way , whether I should get things going or not .
I kind of hesitate to do .
I kind of hesitate .
I kind of hesitate to do so .
In that time , someone give me a supportive small push in right way .
In that time , someone gave me a supportive small push in right way .
In that time , someone gives me a supportive small push in the right way .
And then , I would be in a radiant mood .
Is there someone like that around you ?
I wish I could become like one of them someday .
I wish I could become like that someday .

I went to the library near my company , in the lunch time .
I went to the library near my company 's office , during lunch time .
I read some magazines , about fashion , money , moter cycle and so on .
I read some magazines , which were about fashion , money , moter cycle and so on .
This library is the biggest in my city , so many books in there .
This library is the biggest in my city , with so many books in there .
I found the book in Amazon site , so I want to rent the book tomorrow .
I found this book on ' Amazon ' website , so I want to rent the book tomorrow .

long time no see
Yesterday I met a friend who studies law in my university .
Yesterday I met a friend who studies law at my university .
He called me on the phone when I was eating lunch in campus .
He called me on the phone when I was eating lunch on campus .
We promised to go out and talk .
In the afternoon , We met at a cafe in front of s station near my university .
In the afternoon , we met at a cafe in front of S station near my university .
He seems to me that he want someone he can talk without any constraint .
He seemed to want someone he could talk to without any constraint .
His conversation mainly focused on his academic life .
Law is not my field , but soon I realized I 'm interested in it , especially when he talked about a relationship between criminal law and psychiatry .
Law is not my field , but soon I realized I 'm interested in it , especially when he talked about the relationship between criminal law and psychiatry .
He looked like enjoying himself by talking his matter of concern .
He looked like he was enjoying himself in talking about this matter .
After talking in a hour and so , we backed to university .

English practicing from now on
It seems that high school life is not far behind , those happy moments occur to me all the time .
It seems that high school was n't that long ago . Those happy moments occur to me all the time .
I was like what if I could stay at that time forever , but I know my mind now have changed a lot .
I was like , `` What if I could stay at that time forever ? `` But I know my mind now has changed a lot .
And I would n't have thought I would go this far .
And I would n't have thought I would go this far .
All I 'm thinking now is how I can get a good , promising job , improving myself , socializing with other people and getting my English , especially oral English , even better .
All I 'm thinking now is how I can get a good , promising job , improve myself , socialize with other people and improve my English , especially spoken English .
And I think it 's quite a long time that I did n't post any English article on the website , and it might be the best time for me to practice my second language by using Lang - 8 .
And I think it 's been quite a long time since I 've posted any English article on this website , and it might be the best time for me to practice my second language by using Lang - 8 .
So here I am .
I would force myself to write something in English every day .
I will force myself to write something in English every day .
Everybody have rights to urge me .
Thank U ! !
Thank you ! !

I 'm going to speak about me in English at 10PM .
I 'm going to speak about myself in English at 10PM .
We are going to use skype
So , I will write what I 'm gond to say .
So , I will write what I 'm going to say .
Today 's topic is ' hobby '
I am addicted to marathon these days .
I ran a fullmarathon two weeks ago .
I ran a full marathon two weeks ago .
It was n't TOKYO marathon .
It was n't the TOKYO marathon .
I could n't run the TOKYO marathon .
This is the photo when I was running . ( I 'm going to show my picture )
And this is my father when he is running .
I love comics , too .
I had more than 1000 comics .
But ther were no space for comics .
So I had my father bring those comics .

Talking on Skype
I talk with my friends on Skype lately .
I have been talking with my friends on Skype lately .
I belong to a huge group on Skype and many people of the group are really kind .
I 'm not good at communicating with people , so I do n't talk much , but it 's interesting ! ! lol
I 'm really glad to join this group .
I 'm really glad I joined this group .
Then , I want some friends on Skype .
My account is `` rippixx `` , so if you 're ok , please feel free to add me . ^ ^
Thank you .

Water Filter
I guess because I told my friend that I have to buy water instead of using tap water , she gave me a water filter today .
She even offered to install it for me .
I felt bad because I am not used to accept expensive gifts from people .
I felt bad because I am not used to accepting expensive gifts from people .

Today I was blamed and grilled by the landlord instead of my aunt .
In the morning and night , twice !
In the morning and at night , twice !
I was really tired and felt down .
I was really tired and fell down .
I had a bad day . . .

what do I like ?
I remembered my teacher told us this when I was a high school student , he said : `` One of the most happiness is that you have a work for your living , and you really like it . `` I did n't understand at that time .
I remember my teacher told us this when I was a high school student , he said : `` Happiness is when you like your work . `` I did n't understand at that time .
I thought I would n't do anything if I dislike it .
I thought I would n't do anything if I disliked it .
But now , I know it 's real .
As other almost Chinese students , I offered too many time to learn for the university entrance examination .
As most Chinese students , I spent too much time to studying for the university entrance examination .
Luckily , I entered a good university and after graduation , I get a job in a company .
Luckily , I entered a good university and after graduation , I got a job in a company .
It 's a good company and my colleagues are so nice .
But the problem is I do n't like my work .
But the problem is , I do n't like my work .
So , what do I like ?
I do n't know .
I never try to do anything besides learning knowledge for the exam .
I never tried to do anything besides learning for the exam .
I do n't even know what I real like .
I do n't even know what I really like .
So how can I change my life ?

Cleaning Up Is Very Hard
I work at a supply center .
One of our duties is issuing rooms .
Before we issue a room to a resident , we need to check a room if it is clean .
So my coworker and I went to barraks for checking two of the rooms .
So my coworker and I went to barraks to check two of the rooms .
But these are the most aweful rooms ever .
Cleaning all of the rooms took 4 hours .
I saw what I should have not seen .
It was horrible .
Filthy rooms are clean now .
The filthy rooms are clean now .

Beer . . . .
Today is hot in Japan . . .
It is hot in Japan today .
Today 's weather is hot in Japan . . .
very hot for me .
Very hot for me .
well . . very hot for me .
That means . . .
I 'm drinking . . . ; )
Today 's menu fry minced meat with rice and sunny - side up !
Today 's menu is fry minced meat with rice and sunny - side up !
Today 's menu is fried minced meat with rice and sunny - side up !

Let 's go Bruins ! ! !
As you know , Bruins won the Stanley Cup this year !
As you know , the Bruins won the Stanley Cup this year !
So there was a parade yesterday in Boston .
The end of the parade route was Copley Square , and I got there .
The end of the parade route was in Copley Square , and I got to be there .
When I arrived at Copley , I 'd naver seen a tremendous amount of people at there .
When I arrived at Copley , I 'd never seen such a tremendous amount of people there .
I thought all the people in Boston came to downtown yesterday .
I thought all the people in Boston came downtown yesterday .
I could n't move easily .
To make matter worse , the weather was so hot . . .
To make matters worse , the weather was so hot . . .
Nevertheless , many people were really passionate and excited .
This was the first time watching a parade in Boston , even I 'm not a big fan of the ice - hockey , It was awesome .
This was my first time watching a parade in Boston , and even though I 'm not a big ice - hockey fan , it was awesome .
It was just a new fresh experience for me .
I hope that Red Sox will be a winner of Wolrd Series , then I 'll have a chance to watch a parade again !
I hope that the Red Sox will be the winner of the World Series , so then I 'll have a chance to watch a parade again !

Hi , my name is norma
Hi , my name is Norma .
I 'm learning english and japanese
I 'm learning English and Japanese .
I 'd like to improve my skill by using lang - 8
I 'd like to improve my skills by using lang - 8 .
I think the best way to practice english and japanese is try to talk
maybe I 'll make mistake for the first time
Maybe I 'll make mistakes for the first time ,
but if I try more and more
but if I try more and more ,
I 'll have good english ^ ^
I 'll have good English . ^ ^

frist diary
My first diary entry .
Hi , This is the first time to write diary on lang - 8 .
Hi , This is the first time I 'm writing a diary on lang - 8 .
I would like to improve my English for my future !
I would like to improve my English for the future !
I want to go to English conversation school , but it 's expensive .
So I 'm looking for a online school . . . : (

Japanese history
I do n't know much about Japanese history .
I have never studied history since I was junior high school student .
I have never studied history since junior high school .
I felt ashamed because I know less about Japanese history than American friend .
I felt ashamed because I know less about Japanese history than my American friends .
I think that many young Japanese do n't know about history .
I think that many young Japanese do n't know about their history .
We do n't know about own country and foreign country .
We do n't know about own country 's and foreign countries ' .
I have to study more about history .
Do you know much about your own country ?

Hiroshima
I 'm going to visit Hiroshima tomorrow .
The purpose of this trip is to join the music live ! !
I will be able to see YUI , my favorite singer .
Though It takes 5 hours to go to Hiroshima , I 'm very excited .
Although it takes 5 hours to go / get to Hiroshima , I 'm very excited .
I have a lot of time to enjoy sightseeing too .
I think Hiroshima is a famous city as a peace city .
Is it right ?
Before womderful trip , I ca n't sleep .
But I have to get up early . . . .
I do n't know when I become to sleep before trip . . .

Eating Local Foods
Eating Local Food
I put efforts into eating local foods during my trip .
I ate croquettes , pancakes and waffles .
I 'm happy that I ate most of things I wanted to eat in Amsterdam .
I 'm happy that I ate most of the things I tried in Amsterdam .

Yesterday I was given lots of e mails by my friends and presents by my parents .
Yesterday I was given lots of emails by my friends and presents by my parents .
It was the happiest day . : ) xx
Today I went to a public swimming pool center with my brother , and swam about 2 kilometers ! !
It was tiring . haha
After that , I went to a cram school .
After that , I went to a cram school .
After that , I went to cram school .
I have been so lazy for these days that the class seemed to be difficult .
Since I had been so lazy these last few days , the class seemed to be difficult .
I have been so lazy these past few days , so the class seemed to be difficult .
I think I should study at least an hour every day then . . lol
And in 2 hours I am going to one of my friends ' house , azabujuban and meet up
some our classmates .
I can not wait that .
I can not wait for that .
I can hardly wait for that .
Thank you .
I start Lang - 8 !
I 'm starting Lang - 8 !
Nice to meet you .
I 'm Hiroyuki .
I 'm 25 , and medical student at 5th grade .
I 'm 25 and a medical student at 5th grade .
I live in Tottori , Japan .
Dose anybody know Tottori ?
Does anybody know Tottori ?
I want to learn English more .
Today , I read a magazine on which lang - 8 is introduced .
Today I read a magazine in which Lang - 8 was introduced .
I have thought I want to improve my English , and I start it today .
I want to improve my English , and I will start it today .
I do n't know How to use this .
I do n't know how to use this .
But anything will do in several days .

Recently , I am preparing the ielts .
It is so difficult that I am so disappointment .
It is so difficult that I 'm disappointed .
But for my dream , I still have to study hard .
But to achive my dreams , I still have to study hard .
Today , when I asleep in afternoon , I had a bad dream .
Today , when I was sleeping in the afternoon I had a bad dream .
It is very terrible .
It was very terrible .
I was so scare that I stop to continue to sleep .
I was so scared that it woke me up .

Happy Valentines Day
Happy Valentine 's Day
Happy Valentines Day to all !

Travel plan going to East coast
Travel plan going to the East coast
I have started making a next travel plan in May or June .
My plan is to go to East coast because I have never been there and the area I want to visit are New York , Washington D .
My plan is to go to the East coast ; because , I have never been there and the areas I want to visit are New York , Washington D .
C and Florida .
C . and Florida .
I guess it would take more than a week if I will visit all famous tourist spots in those area and I 'm not sure whether I could take a vacation more than a week .
I guess it would take more than a week if I will visit all the famous tourist spots in those areas and I 'm not sure whether I could take a vacation more than a week .
So , I might give up to visit some spots .
So , I might give up visiting some spots .
Anyway , I have to research how long I need to go around each location I want to go and then decide the duration of the trip .
Anyway , I have to research how long I need to go around each location , I want to go and then decide the duration of the trip .

What 's this ?
I met a lady who had a something grey .
I met a lady who had something grey .
She told us if we touched it , we would be happier .
She told us if we touched it we would be happier .
So many people wanted to touch it even we had to wait for a while .
So many people wanted to touch it , we even had to wait for a while .
So many people wanted to touch it we had to wait for a while .
There were about three hundred of people .
There were about three hundred of people ( there waiting ) .
There were about three hundred people there waiting .
It has a cute name .
And she is very popular among her friends .
They call her `` Unae `` .
It is an eel .
She made it using a towel which she bought at one hundred yen shop .
She made it using a towel which she bought at a one hundred yen shop .
Do you know `` Unagi nobori `` in Japanese ?
Do you know what `` Unagi nobori `` means in Japanese ?
It means `` rise rapidly `` .
If you touch `` Unae `` , you will be lucky rapidly .
If you touch `` Unae , `` you will soon become lucky .
Actually she has been lucky since she made `` Unae `` .
Actually , she has been lucky since she made `` Unae `` .
She can meet many people and talk together .
( because , ) she can meet many people and talk together .
Now she is an active business person .
If you want to know about `` Unae `` , please visit this site .
If you want to know about `` Unae , `` please visit this site .
Miss - Saigon
I heaved hero 's a duet
I heaved hero 's a duetI heard hero 's duet ? ? ? ?
Their song is really fantastic !
The music is really fantastic !
This musical is made feeling similar a mulanluse on a movie .
This musical feels similar to the movie Moulin Rouge .
It was brilliant sensational .
It was brilliant and sensational .
It 's love story , in the war between hurted a prostitule and have to
It 's a love story , during the war , between a hurted prostitute and a soldier who has to fight .
fighted a soldier .
A herion 's suicide end in a tragedy .
It ens in a tragedy with the heroines suicide .
heart - stricken their loves made shed tears .
Heart - stricken their love made me shed tears .
Recently , dried bny emotion but after a long time , I takes a moistule mind .

Good morning
Today is rainy day so I spend in watching a movie today .
Today is rainy day so I spent it watching a movie .
Today is raining so I will spend it in ( my house ) watching a movie .
What are you doing on a day like this ?
What do you do on a day like this ?
I 'll want to cleaning my room after the movie ends .
I 'll want to clean my room after the movie ends .
I want to clean my room after the movie ends .
And I wanna cook .
I am going to spend at home all day .
I am going to spend my day at home .
It 's OK sometimes , is n't it ?
see you later ; )

Would students benefit from stronger discipline at schools ?
Nowadays disciplines from teachers to students in schools are said to loosened up .
Nowadays discipline from teachers to students in schools are said to have loosened up .
Nowadays discipline from teachers toward students in schools is said to have loosened up .
I 'm not sure why this is happening since I remember hearing somewhere that they were strict back when older than our generation went to schools .
I think even my generation did n't take a hit so much in schools .
Yet , even I , who have got time of years since I did n't need to go to school anymore , get a sence that disciplinarians are dicreasing .

say ~ hahahahahahah ~ ~
I escape from cold .
I escaped from the cold .
but I have a headache .
but now I have a headache .
today with my friends go to pc room .
and I lent some economis books in the library .
and I took out some economic books from the library .
tommorow I will have to study English and economis .
Tommorow I will have to study English and economics .
tommorow also sunrise ~ ~ ~

How can I finish asking for a favor ?
Hi , all .
Would you please tell me what is the natural way to ask someone for a favor , especially when we have a question , like what I am doing .
Would you please tell me what is the natural way to ask someone for a favor , especially when someone has a question , like what I am doing .
Checking a lot of forums about English usage , I noticed that many questioners add a thanks phrase at the end of their questions , like , `` Thanks in advance for your help , `` or just `` Thanks . `` Japanese usually do n't say in this way but instead we use a different form of phrases to finish a favor .
Checking a lot of forums about English usage , I noticed that many questioners add a thanks phrase at the end of their questions , like , `` Thanks in advance for your help , `` or just `` Thanks . `` Japanese usually do n't speak in this manner , but instead we use a different form of phrases to finish a request for a favor .
Thanks in advance of your great help .
Thanks in advance for your help .

I 'm a new comer .
I 'm a new comer .
I 've been hunting for jobs recently because I 'm gon na graduate this July .
Now it 's 00 : 53 pm here .
I took part in a job interviw this morning , but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes , she told me maybe this positon does n't fit for me because I do n't have the SQL skill .
I took part in a job interview this morning , but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes , she told me maybe this position does n't fit for me because I do n't have the SQL skill .
I took part in a job interview this morning , but after the HR kept asking me questions for about 30 minutes , she told me that maybe the position did n't fit me well for me because I do n't have the SQL skills required .
I was wondering why did n't she ask me if I have the SQL skill in the phone call last week .
I was wondering why she did n't ask me if I have the SQL skill in the phone call last week .
If she had asked , then I would have told her that I ca n't deal with that and would not be there this morning .
It 's kind of a waste of time .
I have two job interviews to go tomorrow .
I have two job interviews to go to tomorrow .
One is in the morning , and the other in the afternoon .
One is in the morning , and the other is in the afternoon .
I like these two jobs so I need to start preparing for them right now .
Shanghai , China
01 : 00 pm Mar 28th , 2011

How to use the iPad
Three months have passed since I bought the iPad .
I use the iPad for reading books and watching DVDs like the FRIENDS .
I use the iPad for reading books and watching DVDs like FRIENDS .
I can also connect with internet anywhere and anytime .
I can also connect to the Internet anywhere and anytime .
But it is pity that the iPad is heavy for us .
But , it is a pity that the iPad is heavy for me .
I 'm looking forward to waitinig for what the Apple will bring
I 'm looking forward and waiting for what the Apple will bring
I 'm looking forward to waiting for what Apple will make in the future .
Music city
This city is called ' Music city ' where is Nashville .
This city is called ' Music city . ' I 'm talking about Nashville .
Here is a Mecca of country music .
This is the Mecca of country music .
A lot of country music stars coming from here .
A lot of country music stars come from here .
I came here few days ago , and I found this city is full of music .
I came here a few days ago , and I found this city is full of music .
For example , there are music boxes along the street , and there are a lot of bars open from lunch time , and they have good live music .
For example , there are music boxes ( jukeboxes ) along the street ; and there are a lot of bars open at lunch time , and they have good live music .
I really want to the bars and listen to these real country musics , but I 'm ashamed to go inside for myself .
I really want to go to the bars and listen to real country music , but I 'm ashamed to go inside by myself .
Before I leave here I have to try .
Before I leave here , I have to try .

I 'm in New York now .
This was my 1st week in NY and I 'll be staying here 3 more weeks .
I came here to learm English .
I came here to learn English .
I 'm going to international language school .
My class includes 9 people , 3 from Japan , 3 from Korea , 2 from Spain and 1 from Brazil .
But I 'm feeling very sad and lonley now .
Because I ca n't make friends in my school .
Most of my classmates are older than me and they have jobs .
My roommate is about 50 years old .
I wanna make friends here .
I want to see my family and my friends in Japan .
I really miss them .
I 'm not sure how I spend more 3 weeks here .
I 'm not sure how I can spend 3 more weeks here .
Oh my god !
It 's terrible .

my smileys
is getting better
are getting better
I made a lighter became too hot from fire of the lighter , I pressed a lighter on my skin to get smileys
I made a lighter really hot from the fire of the lighter and pressed the lighter on my skin to make a smiley face .
I felt hurt then but I was ok : )
It hurt , but afterwards it was ok : )
and my bf told about smiley , ( I have never known about it before ) but he was worrying me when I got them
My boyfriend told me about the smiley face , ( I did n't known about it before ) but he was worried about me when I did them .
so I will not get new one anymore
So I will not do any new ones .
by the way , they dont look like smiley
By the way , they dont look like smiley faces ,
I think because I use japanese lighter
I think it 's because I used a Japanese lighter
so they dont smile , , , , ! : o
so they do n't smile ! : o
but I dont mind ~
but I do n't mind ~
so I have not studied english recently , ,
Anyways , I have not been studying English recently ,
I should ! ! ! !
I should ! ! ! !

Birthday party
A birthday party is going to hold in my son 's nursery school this Thursday .
A birthday party is going to be held in my son 's nursery school this Thursday .
The party is for the students who have their birthday in this month .
My son 's birthday is January 8 .
He has gone to this school for 5 years .
This birthday party is the last for him in his nursery school days .
He will become a elementary school student next April .
I will go to the party and say a word of celebration to him .
I will go to the party and say a few words of celebration to him .

My cat fell through the ceiling
My hands are itching now , I have to write about this !
My hands are itching to write about this !
Everyone has a favorite animal and so have I .
Everyone has a favorite animal and so do I .
Well , it 's so cliche , but I ca n't help it !
The cat is my favorite animal just like my profile picture tells you , hehe .
And who does n't love cats ? !
Well , my mum is laying claim to this title .
My mother is allergic to cats in the way she is n't a ' ' cat person ' ' .
My mother is allergic to cats so she is n't a ' ' cat person ' ' .
A tabby - and - white cat ended up in our garden a few years ago .
Although my mother did n't like cats , and still she does , she agreed with the idea to look after the cat for a few days .
Although my mother did n't like cats , and still she does n't , she agreed with the idea to look after the cat for a few days .
Although my mother did n't like cats , and she still does n't , she agreed with the idea to look after the cat for a few days .
We placed an advertisement in the papers , hoping that the owner of the cat would pick her up .
After hearing nothing for a few weeks , we knew that nobody wanted this poor wretch ; _ ; .
So me and my brother tried to persuade my mother to keep the cat .
And it worked !
So I 'm sitting in the sofa with my purring cat . * Kiki happy *
But when you have a pet , you have to give it a name .
My father came up with ' Kitty ' .
I know it , my father has no sense for originality !
I know it , my father has no sense of originality !
> < Fortunately , my mother came up with something better , although it could n't be worse than ' Kitty ' .
We decided to call her Maxime , but sometimes I wish I named her ' Baka ' . ( = idiot in Japanese ) .
Maxime was her baka - self yesterday .
I was watching TV while I drank some hot chocolate , yumyumyum !
I was watching TV while drinking some hot chocolate , yumyumyum !
I heard some cracking above my head .
I heard some cracking sounds above my head .
Well , old houses make some noise sometimes when you walk .
Well , old houses sometimes make noise when you walk .
So I did n't make a fuss about it .
The cracking intensed as the time passed by and it seemed to move .
Then suddenly a plate of the ceiling broke into two and my cat fell through the ceiling .
The result was a mewing heap of insulation material on the ground XD Fortunately , my cat was unharmed .
Cats land always on their feet , phew !
Cats always land on their feet , phew !
I was flabbergasted when I saw it happening .
When I took the pieces of insulation material of her , I had to laugh about my clumsy cat !
When I was taking the pieces of insulation material off her , I had to laugh about my clumsy cat !
I laughed and said : You 're a hairy , obesed idiot !
I laughed and said : You 're a hairy , obese idiot !
It seems my cat crawled between the ceiling and the floor of my room via a crack in the wall .
My cat is n't the slimmest ( She weighs 5 kilo 's o _ 0 ) , so the thin plates could n't support her weight .
My cat is n't the slimmest cat around ( She weighs 5 kilo 's o _ 0 ) , so the thin plates could n't support her weight .
So she ended up as a yellow , mewing heap XD
( By the way , I did n't know how to call the ceiling .
( By the way , I did n't know what to call the ceiling .
We have a ceiling which consists of small , aluminium strips on which lay plates , made of some soft material .
So it 's not a ceiling which consists of one part , but at a lot of small pieces )

I 'm sad because I continue terrible in English .
I 'm sad because I continue to be terrible in English .
I 'm sad because I continue to be terrible in English .
I always try to write something but I have very difficulty specially because of I do n't have who correct me .
I always try to write something but I have difficulty because of I do n't have someone to correct me .
I always try to write something , but I have a very difficulty time , especially because I do n't have anyone to correct me .
I 'm afraid to write wrong in facebook and the people laugh .
I 'm afraid to write something wrong in facebook and have people laugh .
I 'm afraid that if I write something wrong on Facebook , people will laugh at me .
English is not difficult but I continue with few vocabulary .
English is not difficult but I continue to have a small vocabulary .
English is not difficult , but I continue with a small vocabulary .

A miracle happened ! ! !
I went to a photo shop to develop my pictures while my break time today , and I remembered that I had to buy some desiccants to protect my cameras and lenses and I took two packs of the desiccant to the counter to buy .
A clerk said to me `` That 'll be 1040 yen . ``
I took money from my pocket but it was 930 yen , so I was going to pay 110 yen from a my point card of this camera shop but it was lack of 10 yen , so I had to give up on buying one pack but I really wanted to buy one more .
I took money from my pocket but it was 930 yen , so I was going to pay 110 yen from a my point card from this camera shop but I was short 10 yen , so I had to give up on buying one pack but I really wanted to buy one more .
I really needed 10 yen to buy the two packs .
A idea came to my mind , so I went to a drink vending machine outside and looked at below the vending machine .
There was a 100 yen coin under the vending machine miraculously , so I could buy two packs of desiccant !
All workers were surprised that I found 100 yen .
All the workers were surprised that I found 100 yen .
What a lucky person I was !

I have last 6days for my TOEFLiBT test . . .
I have 6 days left until my TOEFLiBT test . . .
I take the test for the first time and this test is really important for me . . .
I 'll be taking the test for the first time and this test is really important for me . . .
If I can get certain score , I can go to america to study for a year using exchange student program of my university .
If I can get a certain score , I can go to america to study for a year using an exchange student program of my university .
But , it seems very difficult for me , so I am almost losing my confident now . . .
But , it seems very difficult for me , so I am almost losing my confidence now . . .
It 's no use saying complaint for now . . .
It 's no use complaining now . . .
I understand that ! ! but ca n't help saying . . .
I should have studied harder in my winter holiday . ( > _ < )
I should have studied harder during my winter holiday . ( > _ < )
anyway , I have an exam in english class tomorrow , so I have to concentrate on it !

This week , I remembered 60 words newly
This week , I remembered 60 new words
This week , I memorised 60 new words .
This week , I memorized 60 new words
by studying of STEP pre - 1st grade .
by studying the STEP pre - 1st grade .
by studying pre - 1st grade STEP .
by studying the STEP pre - 1st grade .
I enjoy studying English .
I listen to music when I drive .
I have enough time to write new words .
I have enough time to write ( practice ? ) new words .
From April , I will be busy teaching English .
But I want to continue studing English every day .
But I want to continue studying English every day .
But I want to continue studying English every day .

Graduation Research
The theme of my graduation research is computer simulation .
But using of software is too difficult for me .
Basically , operation of computer is CUI .
Basically , the computer 's operation is CUI .
I have used GUI computer .
So I was tired by using computer .
One of my dreams I thought is engeneer of Formula One .
One of my dreams is to be the engeneer of Formula One .
But I have now losed assurance of it .
However I have now lost assurance ( hope ? ) of it .

value how much ~ ?
The teacher wanted to evaluate his students ' English compositions on the basis of the naturalness of their English , in order to value how much they have used the language .
The teacher wanted to mark his students ' English compositions on the basis of the naturalness of their English , in order to evaluate how much they have used the language .
I do n't think this is natural .
Would you correct this ?

Happy day !
today is very happy , bacause my class was very funny .
Today , my very funny class made me extremely happy .
Today I felt very happy , because my class was very funny .
They alway make me happy .
In fact , they always make me happy .
I like my classmates .

I am starting learning English with Lang - 8 .
Hi there .
My name is Aki .
I 'm Japanese .
Even though I am living in Japan , I want to study English for many reasons .
One of my goal is communicating without problem in English with the people whose mother language is English .
One of my goals is to communicate with native English speakers without any obstacles .
So , please do n't hesitate to revise my poor English although it 's tiny tiny mistake , misuse , or nuance problem .
So , please do n't hesitate to revise my poor English , even if it 's a tiny tiny mistake , misuse , or nuance problem .
I believe there are kind people in this community Lang - 8 and hope they will help me with English for improving my English ability .
I believe there are kind people in this online community and I hope they will help me improve my English skills . .
Thank you , ; - )

My 23rd diary .
Recently I have studied English .
Firstly , I started studying vocabulary . secondly I have studying Grammar . . . .
I study like this .
I 'm studying like this .
Today , I have the chance to speak English .
Today , I had a chance to speak English .
But I couldn ` t speak well .
I think it is better to learn conversation and know our cultures than study vocabulary .
I think it is better to learn conversation and know our cultures than vocabulary learning .
So I want to watch movies but it ` s too expenive for me . . .
So I want to watch movies but it ` s too expensive for me . . .
Do you have any idea ?
If you have , please teach me !

Today I thought about posting a video from a French movie , in which the scene takes place in Harlem .
Today I thought about posting a video from a French movie , in which a scene takes place in Harlem .
So the protagonists speak English of course , and then everybody could understand the video , I do n't need to transcribe or to translate .
So the protagonists speak English of course , and everybody can understand the video ; I do n't need to transcribe or to translate .
I introduce a little bit the movie : The movie , takes place in the 1980s , it 's a comic French movie as they were very popular in France .
I 'll introduce the movie a little : The movie takes place in the 1980s ; it 's a French comedy as they were very popular in France .
The main character is played by Michel Colucci a . k . a Coluche , a very popular French humorist ( one man show ) and actor .
The main character is played by Michel Colucci a . k . a Coluche , a very popular French comedian and actor .
In this movie , the protagonist ( Coluche ) works for an insurance society and have to travel around the world to bring back the unlucky tourists who have unfortunately had problems or accidents , in France .
In this movie , the protagonist ( Coluche ) works for an insurance society and has to travel around the world to bring back to France unlucky tourists who have unfortunately had problems or accidents .
Thus , in the movie , Coluche travels around the world , and experiences some adventures in various countries such as Marocco , United - States ( Harlem ) , China and so on . . .
Thus , in the movie , Coluche travels around the world , and experiences some adventures in various countries such as Morocco , The United - States ( Harlem ) , China and so on . . .
It 's one of my favorite French comedies , I still laugh each time I watch it , even at this very moment writing the entry and listening to the extract at the same time .
It 's one of my favorite French comedies ; I still laugh each time I watch it , even at this very moment writing the entry and listening to the excerpt at the same time .
I think it may be interesting to listen the French accent and the ( maybe exagerated ) view of Harlem by the French at the time .
I think it may be interesting to listen to the French accent and the ( maybe exaggerated ) view of Harlem by the French at the time .
Now , I must introduce the scene itself .
We do n't see when Coluche is in the plane for New York , but he meets a business man and they have a conversation about what they do in New York .
The man says that New York is very dangerous and warns Coluche to be careful , especially from the black people who attacks the whites .
The man says that New York is very dangerous and warns Coluche to be careful , especially of black people who attack whites .
Coluche who was not afraid before he met the man , is now very tensed and afraid . . .
Coluche , who was not afraid before he met the man , is now very tense and afraid . . .
He gets on a taxi , in which the taxi - driver is a black man . . .
And asks him to go to Harlem , but even the black taxi - driver refuses to go so far and leaves him close to the district .
And asks him to go to Harlem , but even the black taxi - driver refuses to go there and leaves him close to the district .
Which is not very reassuring for him .
And the video begins as we see him walking on the Harlem deserted streets .
And the as the video begins we see him walking on the deserted streets of Harlem .
After the part in Harlem , Coluche meets again the business man whom had warned him . . .
Surprised to see that this same man was in bandages and apparently injured .
and is surprised to see that this same man is in bandages and apparently injured .
He asks him what happened , and the answer is that the man has been attacked ( if I remember well , I even think that he was attacked by white men . . .
He asks him what happened , and the answer is that the man has been attacked ( if I remember correctly , I think that he was even attacked by white men . . .
Which is funny as he only warned about the blacks ) .
Which is funny as he only warned about blacks ) .

I caught a cold
I caught a cold .
The reason is maybe I worked in cold store yesterday .
I suppose it 's because I worked in the cold store yesterday .
I damaged my throughout .
The best during catching a cold is eating well and sleeping well .
When we have a cold , eating and sleeping well is the best for us .
Good night !

My favourite season is summer , but not very hot .
My favourite season is summer , but not when it 's very hot .
Now in Russia is summer and it 's awfully hot ! ! ! We go to the river almost every day , but even bathing does n't retreat me from the heat ! I 've never imagined , that I will hope it will be winter now .
Now in Russia it is summer and it 's awfully hot ! ! ! We go to the river almost every day , but even bathing does n't relieve me from the heat ! I never imagined that I would hope it would be winter now .
Winter I love too , but if you want to go for a walk in this season , you will be able to wear many clothes ! ! Autumn . . .
Winter I love too , but if you want to go for a walk in this season / winter , you have to to wear many / a lot of clothes ! ! Autumn . . .
I hate autumn ! It 's often rains , it 's why you must n't go for a walk .
I hate autumn ! It often rains , which is why you ca n't go for a walk .
It 's usually warm in spring .
The sunshine is n't so hot , grass and leaves are green , birds are singing . . .
Itis n't so hot , the grass and leaves are green , the birds are singing . . .
A lot of people love this season .
but it 's not mine .
I accustom to summer 's heat and love it best of all !
I 'm accustomed to summer 's heat and love it best of all !

SNOW and MORNING
I have to go to my office than usual after the snow fell heavily .
I have to go to my office at the same time as usual after a heavy snowfall .
I also have to shovel snow around my house , car parks and offise . . .
I also have to shovel snow around my house , car parks and office . . .
I also have to shovel the snow around my house , my parking space and my office . . .
In addition to this , traffic is so crouded . . .
In addition to this , traffic is so crowded . . .
In addition to this , traffic is slow and congested . . .
How early should I get up ( T _ T ) ?

I just sterted this SNS .
I just started this SNS .
I just started this SNS .
I think this is good to grow my English skills .
I think this is good to improve my English skills .
I think this is a good way to grow my English skills .
I have been study English a few years but my English Writing and speaking is still not good so I want to learn native English at Lang - 8 ( ^ _ ^ ) /
I have been studying English for a few years , but my English writing and speaking is still not good , so I want to learn native English on Lang - 8 ( ^ _ ^ ) /
I have been studying English for a few years but my English writing and speaking is still not good , so I want to learn native English at Lang - 8 ( ^ _ ^ ) /

Sunny day
It 's first sunny day in a while .
It 's the first sunny day in a while .
Sunshine makes me happy and gives energy .
Sunshine makes me happy and gives me energy .
But a lot of moisture makes me heavy feeling and rob my vitality .
But a high humidity makes me feel heavy and steals my vitality .
I hope that fall is coming in Japan as soon as possible !
I hope that fall in Japan will come as soon as possible !

Snowboarding
I like going snowboarding in winter , even though I 'm not very athletic .
I like going snowboarding during the winter , even though I 'm not very athletic .
I went last Saturday and the Saturday before last : - )
I went snowboarding the past two Saturdays : - )
As there are many snow mountains in Japan , I can go snowboarding as a day trip from Tokyo .
Unfortunately I 've never tried skiing .
I hope to try it in the future .

I have beaten the Super mario right now !
The final stage was so difficult that I tried 20 times to solve : - P But I have a lot of stages which is not solved , so I have to try them later .
The final stage was so difficult that I triedhad to try it20 times in orderto solveit : - P But I have a lot of stages which is not solved , so I have to try them later .
S . , right ? ) .
Especially Puyopuyo is very exciting .
Your browser can not display or invalidate Javascript .
If you want to watch on your mobile phone , please click here .

Nagano in Japan
Nagano , Japan
I love to see a mountain .
I would love to see a mountain .
I love to see mountains .
I love seeing mountains .
I want to live in countryside in future .
I want to live in the countryside in the future .
I want to live in the countryside in the future .

The Safety Rule
Sometimes when I take a walk with my dog a sidewalk , I feel danger because of bicycles .
Sometimes when I take a walk with my dog , I feel a sidewok is dangerous because of bicycles .
Actually the sidewalk allows bicycles to pass , but I think that they have to keep safety manners for passers or if they do n't want to reduce their speed , they must pass through roadways .
In Japan , we have the rule that defines bicycles as a kind of car that has risk .
In Japan , we have the rule that defines a bicycle as a kind of car that has risk .
But some people who ride bicycles do n't know or understand it 's risk .
But some people who ride bicycles do n't know or understand its risk .
They do n't care safety manners and reduce their speed .
I sometimes watched on TV that in Paris there are roads for bicycles .
I sometimes watched on TV that there are roads for bicycles in Paris .
It gives safety to people .
I hope that my city also prepare bicycle 's roads for safety .
I hope that my city also prepares bicycle 's roads for safety .

The exam is coming
After the 10 days , we will take an exam about english .
After 10 days , we will take an exam about english .
It is called College English Test Band Four ( CET4 ) .
It is very important and very famous which if you cant pass , you wont get a suitable job in china .
It is very important and very famous if you do n't pass it , you wont get a suitable job in China .
It is for college student .
It is for college students .
Most of them can pass it .
Even though peoples who have already graduated , they also take this exam , for making them more compititive .
People who have already graduated can also take this exam , so that makes this exam more competitive .
But actually , even peoples have abelity to pass it , they could not communicate well by english .
But actually , people may have the ability to pass it , but they still ca n't communicate well in English .
I passed it half year ago , but now I write a passege still really hard . . .
I passed it half a year ago , but writing passages are still really hard . . .
I am learning French , and I am often confused betwen English and French . . .
French is really difficult . . .
I dont have more time for english . . .

Now , I finally can cook DAKDORI !
Now , I can finally cook DAKDORI !
It was not very cold wether in the morning , not like typical wether in Sweden .
The whether was not very cold this morning , not like it typically is in Sweden .
The weather this morning was not very cold , unlike the typical weather in Sweden .
Spring is comming !
Spring is comming !
Spring is coming !
Anyway , I had to cook somthing to eat for 3 days ' lunch .
Anyway , I had to cook lunch for the next 3 days .
I had some chiken and I wanted to cook DAKDORI which I failed three times already !
I had some chiken and I wanted to cook Dakdori which I had attemted three times before and failed !
Fortunately , now I have a book which my mom sent to me which is about Korean food .
Fortunately , now I have a book which my mom sent me which is about Korean food .
Fortunately , now I have a recipe book sent by my mom .
DAKDORI was just one thing included in the book about chiken menu .
Dakdori was just one the recipes included in the book under the chicken menu .
But just try !
After 30 minutes my kitchen became a little bit dirty but taste was fantastic !
After 30 minutes my kitchen was a little dirty but the taste was fantastic !
I was very proud of myself .
I was very proud of myself .
Now I can show this to my friend who are eager to eat korean food .
Now I can show this to my friends who are eager to eat korean food .
I slept too much .
I have to go to office right now !
I have to go to the office right now !
It overslept .
I overslept .

I worked as hard everyday .
I work hard every day .
I will be busy tomorrow .

Alumni Soccer games
We have the alumni soccer games next May .
I am looking forward to it very much .
I am really looking forward to it .
My high school 's alumnus will play soccer , whose age are from about 20 to over 70 , at a single team .
Do n't you think it sounds great and fun ?
I was told about the alumni soccer club and joined it at the annual party of the Tokyo branch of my high school alumni association several years ago .
Once or twice a year our club play matches against another senior soccer teams .
Once or twice a year our club plays matches against other senior soccer teams . or another senior soccer team
We can enjoy playing soccer very much nevertheless we could not play smoothly as used to at high school days .
It is very fun .
Thereafter we go to a party and have a nice time chatting with each other about our recent state .
It is very fun , too .
I think alumnus seem special for ourselves us .
We keep in touch with each other .
We also help each other in both our public and private life .
We also help each other in both our public and private lives .
We had a very good time at the high school .
I am looking forward to meeting my alumnus and playing soccer with them very much .

make friendships
Hi evry one
my name 's Abdo I 'm forty years old and I new her
my name 's Abdo . I 'm forty years old and I am new here .
I want make freindships
I want to make friends .

Foreigners in Japan
There are two types of foreigners who were in Japan before earthquake happened .
There were two types of foreigners who were in Japan before the earthquake happened .
Some foreigners in Japan went back home country .
Some foreigners in Japan went back to their home countries .
However , It is founded that Tokyo may be safe area this week , so they try to come back Japan .
However , it is found that Tokyo may be a safe area this week , so they are trying to come back to Japan .
I hear that when they come back Japan , they have problem .
I hear that when they come back to Japan , they will have problems .
Other workers who did not leave in their company were continuing to work and they may be angry .
Other workers in their company who did not leave and continued to work may be angry .
In fact , they imposed their work to other worker , but I think safe is the most important and they should be welcomed to their company .
In fact , they imposed their work on other workers , but I think safety is the most important thing and they should be welcomed back to their company .

A random thought on Energy
A random thought on ( or : about ) energy
While I was searching some information about alternative energy for 5 minutes speech , a thought occurred to me .
While I was researching alternative energy for a five minutes speech , a thought occurred to me .
It is necessary that we use another energy to develop alternative energy .
It is necessary that we develop alternative energy .
In capitalism , it is inevitable that alternative energy become to be means for profits .
In capitalism , it is inevitable that alternative energy will be used for profits
So I think what we need now is not developing energy but less consuming that .
I think what we need now is not to generate more energy , but to consume less energy .
So I think what we need now is not to develop more energy sources , but to reduce consumption .
In modern society , especially in urban life , we have dependant on energy too much .
In modern society , especially in urban life , we have become too dependant on energy .
In modern society , especially in urban life , we have become too dependent on energy .
For example , when I come back home after work , I use water and gas energy to take a shower .
For example , when I come home after work , I use water and gas energy to take a shower .
I surf the internet with an air - conditioner and a fan turn on , after finishing web surfing , I watch TV with the dest - top still on and use a stove and microwave to have a dinner .
I surf the internet with an air - conditioner and a fan turned on . After surfing the web I watch TV with the desk - top still on and use a stove and microwave to have a meal .
I surf the internet with an air - conditioner and a fan turned on , after finishing web surfing , I watch TV with the desktop ( or : computer , PC ) still on and use a stove and microwave to make dinner .
Before going to bed , I usually read a book listening to the music unless I drink at the pub .
Before going to bed , I usually read a book listening to music , unless I go to the pub .
I went thought blackout once during staying in the Philippines .
I went through a blackout once during my stay in the Philippines .
I went thought blackout once while staying in the Philippines .
I totally realized that how much I depend on energy .
I realized then how much I depend on energy .
Darkness made me a fool who could n't anything at all .
Darkness made me a fool who could n't do anything at all .
I was just sitting in front of my laptop in darkness for a while .
I was just sitting in front of my laptop in darkness
I did n't know what I could do .
Next thing I know , darkness suddenly came to me .
Next thing I know , it was nighttime .
Next thing I knew , darkness suddenly came to me .
So I went outside felling my way .
So I went outside
So I went outside feeling my way in the dark .
I could n't nothing .
I could n't do anything .
electronic devices had n't been recharged were useless such as a laptop , tv , mp3 player , even refrigerator .
electronic devices that had n't been recharged were useless such as a laptop , tv , mp3 player , even the refrigerator .
It was getting hotter .
All I could do was drink beer going vapid in the frigerator .
All I could do was drink beer going stale in the refrigerator .
Fossil fuel is limited and getting exhausted .
Fossil fuel is limited
Therefore we will develop alternative energy someday .
Therefore , we will develop alternative energy someday .
But the energy itself will be merely a commodity to be sold or bought in capitalism .
But the energy itself will be merely a commodity . To be bought or sold in capitalism .
We also made carbondyxide a commodity even sell and buy the right of emission .
We also made carbondyxide a commodity . We even buy and sell the right of emission .
We also made carbon dioxide a commodity , even buying and selling the right of emission .
I think it 's impossible that sustainable development is realized .
I think it 's impossible for sustainable development to be realized .
The concept of sustainable development must have been made by capitalists who wanted to legitamize much more development and exploitation .
The concept of sustainable development must have been made by capitalists who wanted to legitamize development and exploitation .
Development and exploitation were already enough .
There is alreeady enough development and exploitation .
We must stop development and exploitation and change the way of thinking on energy consumption .
Unless we do so , we will be attacked on by nature like huge climate change as much as we exploit .
Unless we do , we will be attacked by nature with climate change

Nice to meet you !
Because of the early airplane , I fall asleep while the plane was flying .
Because the airplane was so early , I fall asleep while the plane was flying .
When I woke up , I heard a sound like glasses fell to the floor .
When I woke up , I heard a sound like glasses falling to the floor .
I realized that it was my glasses , but I could not see where they are after touching for a while .
I realized that it was my glasses , but I could not see where they were after reaching around for a while .
So I asked the person next to me to help me find my glasses ,
although I even did not know who he likes .
although I even did not know him
He was very friendly brought it to me ,
He was very friendly and helped me find them ,
then I noticed he was looked like a gentleman with full of understanding ,
then I noticed he looked like a gentleman who was full of understanding ,
as same as my age , maybe ? wearing a glasses .
the same age as me , and also wearing glasses .
After continuing exploratory talks , we found that eacher other actually produced a good impression , because we enjoyed our talking , we had a really nice time , we will be close friends in the life .
After chatting for a while , we seemed to have a good impression of each other , because we enjoyed our talking and we had a really nice time . I think we will be close friends for life .
Watanabe san .

Oil spill accident in the gulf of mexico
I think oil spill accident in the gulf of mexico is very important thing in the world .
I think the oil spill accident in the gulf of mexico is a very important thing in the world .
Depending on a case , I think it is more important than the economic problem or the religion or the war or the poverty or any other problem .
Depending on a case , I think it is more important than economic problems , religion , war , poverty , or any other problem .
because It affects the whole world , nobody knows a solution , nobody are predictable .
Because It affects the whole world , nobody knows a solution , and nobody can predict what will happen .
But We hardly hear the news about accident on TV in Japan .
But we hardly hear the news about accident on TV in Japan .
I do n't know why .

You guy do really speak like that ! ?
Do you guys really speak like that ! ?
I read a sentence from the book .
`` West of mountains are broad and fairly flat plains . ``
`` West of the mountains are broad and fairly flat plains . ``
I can understand the meaning of it , but Is it awkward for the English reader or listner ?
I can understand its meaning , but is it awkward for the English reader or listener ?
Are there really any speakers whose first language is English using such sentences like that ?
I wonder . . . . .

englis again !
English Again !
I tell to myselef again and again after an english lecture every time : I must learn english now !
After an English lecture , I tell myself over and over again : I must learn English now !
Today I find this place with the help of my teacher .
it 's really looks nice here .
It looks really nice here .
I have sent many messages to strangers who speak english .
I have sent many messages to strangers who speak English .
I hope their reply .
I hope they 'll reply .
I hate english , because I learn it for eight years , but I ca n't listen a lecture well , and I ca n't read an english paper well .
I hate English , because I have studied it for eight years , but I ca n't listen to a lecture well , and I ca n't read an English paper well either .
I really need this language tool to prove my work .
I really need this website to improve my work .
so , I hope english speakers to be my friends .
So I hope English speakers will become my friends .

Tomorrow I will be 25
Well , it 's really overwhelming knowing that I will be 25 hours later when I got up .
So I think it 's memorable to keep something down here .
So I think it 's memorable to keep something down here . ( unclear )
I have to admit age is a becoming more and more sensitive as I get older and older , and the older I got , the more responsiblity comes along and the more mature you should behave .
I have to admit age is a becoming more and more a sensitive issue as I get older and older , and the older I get , the more responsibility comes along and the more mature you should behave .
How I wish I could live without aging !
Well , I think I wish I could welcome the moment at home as usualy , but I failed for the last conple of days which flashed through so quickly in a northern city I have never been to before .
Well , I think I wish I could welcome the moment at home as usual , but I failed for the last couple of days which flashed through so quickly in a northern city I have never been to before .
Travelling makes the time elapse so quicky that I have hardly anytime to digest the change of age satisfactorily , Even though I have been able to come back home this morning , I still ca n't take my time and am actually struggling to keep awake to digest it as much as I can , because I hardly sleep yesterday .
Travelling makes the time elapse so quickly that I have hardly any time to digest the change of age satisfactorily , Even though I have been able to come back home this morning , I still ca n't take my time and am actually struggling to keep awake to digest it as much as I can , because I hardly slept yesterday .
By the way , I also logged on my skype again and again , but people just do n't show up , the day when we are all 24 wil be gone forever , : ) , you know I am talking about you , but entre nous , you just do
n't tell others , okay ?
Do n't tell others , okay ?
I just want to say , last but not the least important , I like English and English is beautiful .

an attempted murder case of Daikon - Oroshi - Nandeyanen news -
- Daikon - Oroshi is a mashed Japanese white radish .
- Daikon - Oroshi is grated Japanese ( white ) radish .
An old man tried to kill his daughter because of her having his Daikon - Oroshi without notice him .
He got angry and swung his kitchen knife , his daughter resisted with her cane and escaped .
He got angry and swung his kitchen knife ( at her ) , but his daughter resisted / blocked with her cane and escaped .
And then the police caught him in the act of doing it .
And then the police caught him in the act .
He said that my daughter ate my Daikon - Oroshi in refrigerator without my permission , so I got upset ,
He said `` My daughter ate my Daikon - Oroshi from the refrigerator without my permission , so I got upset ,
I did n't intend to kill her all along , just for a threat . . .
I did n't really / actually intend to kill her . It was just a threat . . . ``
What a fearful the grudge of food , is it ! !

Practice conversation
This weekend , I went to visit the Queen 's head with church 's new friends in the north coast .
There was fill of tourists who let me felt so bad .
My new friends who they come from USA .
My new friends who come from USA .
I was suppose to very nervous , because my English is n't well , I was afraid that I could n't express well in English .
I was suppose to very nervous , because my English is n't well , I was afraid that I could n't express my English well .
It 's a tough mission for me .
But my old friends told me . `` Do n't take it so hard , it 's a good chance to practice your English ability `` .
That right , I should be about to break through myself .
That 's right . I should be about to break through myself .

Today is holiday .
Today is my holiday .
Japan have `` Bon vacation `` .
Japan has a holiday called `` Bon vacation `` .
Do you know Bon vacation ?
Do you know what is Bon vacation ?
Almost people are holiday during Bon vacation .
Most of the people are on holiday during Bon vacation .
Bon vacation is ancestor worship day .
Bon vacation is the day of worshiping our ancestor .
But I am working during Bon vacation .
But I was on duty during the Bon vacation .
So I rest today alternative to Bon vacation .
Therefore I took today off as an alternative to Bon vacation .

Banana Banana
I work in the office .
The company is about trading .
Our company is all about trading .
There are many things to export especially foods .
There are many things we export , especially foods .
My boss went of site of the company at the moment .
My boss went off the company property at one moment .
I really hungry .
I got really hungry .
I want to have banana .
I want to have a banana .
In the picture .
In the picture shown above .
It is a sample for sell .
It is a sample that we sell .
But It look really nice and smell good .
But it looks really nice and smells good .
My boss always tell us do n't eat the sample because he have to use it for exbition ( I mean to show in somewhere ) .
My boss always tell us , do n't eat the samples because he has to use it for show .
But I ca n't patient .
But I ca n't be patient .
I want to eat it .
British spaghetti
Do you know the word , al dente ? This is a Italian word which means boiling spaghetti for a short time ( five minuets or less ) and not boiling it till its core was boiled .
I found it terrible when I had the first spaghetti in UK .
When I first had spaghetti in the UK , I found it terrible .
It was boiled for too long time and too soft for me .
It was boiled for too long and too soft for me .
Moreover , I felt bad when I bought a can of spaghetti and had it because gelly spaghetti appeared and I regarding that can as a can of meat sauce .
Moreover , I still did n't like it when I bought a can of spaghetti ( canned spaghetti ) and had it because it was like jelly , and was essentially just a can of meat sauce .
In Japan the far east country , we did n't know al dente in the past .
In the far eastern country Japan , we did n't know al dente in the past .
that 's because we have traditional noodles , which are Udon and Soba , which are basically boiled till their core were boiled .
We have traditional noodles , Udon and Soba , which are basically boiled to their core .
However , we know that 's far better to have spaghetti in that way nowadays .
However , we now know that it 's far better to have spaghetti in that way .
Why is n't al dente that common in this Europian country whose people are most omnivorous .
Why is n't al dente that common in this European country whose people are the most omnivorous ?
I think Italian people ought to march in a demonstration to make al dente recognized commonly : )

I made a twitter account .
I made a twitter account .
@ shiny7093
@ shiny7093

East Monkey .
Eastern Monkey .
I wanna love myself , I wanna love them .
In addition , I wanna be loved by them .
But , there is no point we can share deeply .
I think I understand their value , but they looks that they do n't understand other value of me .
I think I understand their values , but it looks like they do n't understand mine .
I know it 's really small thing , but I also feel this tiny gap definitely exists .
I know it 's really just a small thing , but I feel like this tiny gap definitely exists .
I know they do n't hate me , but I also know they do n't love me .
As you know , I 'm a kind of person who is so ' easy ' .
As you may know , I 'm the kind of person who is so ' easy ' .
Being easy is good point , but it make me wanna die .
Being easy is a good point , but it make me wanna die .
I do n't know how to escape from this guy I have lived for 22 years .
I do n't know how to escape from this guy I have lived as for 22 years .
I have no idea .
The thing I really hate is predictable future .
The thing I really hate is having a predictable future .
I can predict my future .
I think that is the best case .
I feel I need to change .
If I act , I need to act perfectly .
Fortunately , no one knows about me here .
There is no option not using this chance .
There is no option , I have to use this chance .
I can stay here only 3 month more .
I can stay here only 3 more months .
I need to change .
See ya .

How could I understand it . Give me more information .
How can I understand it ? Give me more information .
Korea have very tragic modern history .
Korea has a very tragic modern history .
After severe colonial period , Korea divided two part .
The capitalism side and the communism side broke into war .
The capitalist side and the communist side broke out into war .
Until now , Korea are technically in war .
As the social block have been collapsed , North Korea have been suffered from economy problem .
We knew it just by press that many of North Korean are starved and the their government system does n't work except capital city , Pyongyang .
Today , I found one news article .
Today , I found this news article .
North Korea began large construction project in Pyongyang .
North Korea began a large construction project in Pyongyang .
I do n't understand how it can do
I do n't understand how they can do
At least , South Korean does n't know the truth .
I need more information about the truth .

please help me
I write a paper , please help me correct it .
I am writing a paper , could you please help me correct it ?
Thank you very much !
Thank you !

It 's been a long time .
Hi there ! !
Instead of replying each , I thank you all for correcting on this diary .
Instead of replying each , I ( will ) thank you all for correcting this diary .
As for my recent life , I 've being busy with looking after undergraduates .
They had to submit their theses by yesterday , so this week was especially hectic .
As a TA , I accompanied them all day long without sleeping on Thursday ( on the other days , I had good sleep though ) .
Consequently , I was relieved that all members handed in them somehow .
But My turn is coming in just one month , that is to say , the hectic days are coming back again .

MID - TERM EXAM
I 'll have mid - term exam .
I have mid - term exams soon .
I have to remember lots of drugs name for
I have to remember a lot of names of drugs for
Abnormal Psychology T _ T
and the class is educated by English .
and the class is taught in English .
Reallllly hard to study .
I hate u . benzodiazepine and all of your friends like SSRI , imineprine etc .
I wanted to write a diary . and now I think that is my defense mechanism .
Free time
I have a lot of free time because of spring vacation .
Japan has a big problem which Japan had a big earthquake .
Japan has a big problem since we / it had a big earthquake ,
So I have to endure many things because many people suffer .
so I have to endure many things because many people suffer .
extreme weather
I feels that the spring have arrived here overnight , for the simple reason that the temperature in recent days even rise to 20 degree during the day .
I feel that spring has arrived here overnight , for the simple reason that the temperature in recent days has risen to 20 degree during the day .
I feel that Spring has arrived here overnight . This is due to the temperature in the past few days having reaching 20 degrees during the day .
however , there was a heavy snow on 12nd , april last year and the snow remained until the end of the month .
however , there was heavy snow on the12th of April last year and the snow remained until the end of that month .
However , there was heavy snow on 12th of april last year and the snow remained until the end of the month .
but so far , only a little part of snow in the corner where the snow sheltered from shining directly in the day .
but so far , there is only a little part of snow left in the corner , where it is sheltered from the sun shining directly on it during the day .
But so far , only a little part of the snow is left in the corner where it is shielded from the sun shining directly on it during the day .
According to the natives , they had even experienced snowing in may when they were young .
According to the locals , they have even experienced snow in May when they were younger .
now the weather is becoming more and more extremely .
now the weather is becoming more and more extreme .
The weather forecast said that there will be rain in the following days .

I bought a New Laptop today .
I bought a new laptop today because my PC broke .
I bought a New Laptop today ,
Because My PC was Broken .
because my old PC broke .
I will take a lesson of English on Skype this weekend .
I will take an English lesson on Skype this weekend .
So I need a PC or a laptop definitely .
I went to a shop and I picked a cheap laptop .
But just now I try to hear my voice on Skype .
But just now I tried to hear my voice on Skype , and it sounded bad .
It 's so bad .
I could take a lesson smoothly this weekend .
I 'm worried if I can take the lesson smoothly this weekend .
I am worried about it .

1st diary
I ca n't speak English well .
But this diary write only English !
welcome !
I want to write my plofile first .
I want to write my profile first .
21 age women
I listen to [ the Gazette ] and [ Kalafina ] well .
I listen to [ the Gazette ] and [ Kalafina ] .
I like Anime too !
[ Kuroshituji ] [ Gintama ] [ PandoraHearts ] etc . . .
And Ilike Rorilita fashion !
And I like Lolita fashion !
Thank you read me !
Thank you for reading !

The Reflection of The Vicky Cristina Barcelona
The primary reason that I watched this movie because I just wanted to relax for a little bit after knew we still ca n't get the annual bonus again this year .
The primary reason that I watched this movie because I just wanted to relax for a little bit after I knew we still could n't get the annual bonus again this year .
To my surprised , the movie , Vicky Cristina Barcelona , it has dramatic script with a little romantic , imagination , fantastic .
Plus , the movie scene inside looks could n't be better .
Plus , the movie scenes could n't be better .
This movie is talking about two different American girls spent their summer to Barcelona where they have a romantic , unforgettable advanture .
This movie is talking about two different American girls who spent their summer in Barcelona , where they have a romantic , unforgettable adventure .
Mealwhile , they are still learning how to face some subject in their life .
Meanwhile , they are still learning how to face some issues in their lives .
Movie 's siprit seems give us a possibility that everything is possible , especially relate to love .
This movie 's spirit seems give us the idea that everything is possible , especially relating to love .
When it cames to subject to the love , some people tend to relistic , some people are always expect something very different .
When it comes to the subject of love , some people tend to be realistic , some people are always expecting something very different .
For instance , one of the actress , she would not able to say what she want , but she knew what she did n't want however .
I can understand how 's feel when people want to chase , find something in their life , but do n't know what 's exactly purpose .
I can understand how it feels when people want to chase , and find something in their life , but do n't know what exactly is the purpose .
It 's kind of helpless I think .
Therefore , whatever what kind of life you want , it 's our choice .
Therefore , whatever what kind of life we want , it 's our choice .
But I think most people in our country , we do n't have enough encourage to change the situation , or sometimes we just carry more moral respnsibility .
But I think most people in our country , we do n't have enough courage to change the situation , or sometimes we just carry more moral responsibility .
By the way , I also like the photography in this movie . : )

August , 14
Today I went to the Tokyo Bay 's fireworks show !
I arrived takeshiba station at 1 pm for saving space .
Our space is near the sea and the station , and when I arrived there , there were some friends .
Our space was near the sea and the station , and when I arrived , there were some friends .
They had been there from yesterday , so they looked so tired !
About 4 pm , many friends came there .
And we had waited while eating and drinking for starting the fireworks show . . .
( While we waited for the start of the fireworks show , we ate and drank . would be more natural . )
At 7 pm , the fireworks show started .
We have been tired , but when we watched them , we forgot our fatigue .
We had been tired , but when we watched them , we forgot our fatigue .
The fireworks was the most beautifl which I had watched ever .
The fireworks were the most beautiful which I had watched ever .
Please watch them with my picture ^ ^ In fact , more beautiful ! !
Please watch them with my pictures ^ ^ In fact , they were more beautiful ! !
Or , I weared a yukata for a long time so I was happy .
Also , I wore a yukata for a long time so I was happy .
I want to go there next year too ^ ^

Letter For A Friend
Hi Annette !
The music is so beautiful !
I really liked it .
I 'll try to get it as soon as I can .
I 'm guessing the music is from South America .
I can tell you right away that it is n't Mexican .
I was struggling a little bit to figure out where it is from .
I think it 's either Colombian or Peruvian .
I did n't read `` Magic Kingdom for Sale , Sold ! `` .
I guess it 's a great book .
I read a little bit on the page of wikipedia .
That is Couer de Pirate .
I love that song , I can listen to it over and over .
So , you grew up bilingual ehh ?
That 's why German is easy for you .
I think German is like Spanish , it has like 7 tenses and a complex grammar .
How many hours do you spend learning languages ?
I always try to practice English for 2 hours each day but I think it 's insufficient because I have trouble when I 'm writing .
I 'm so slow .
In fact , the other day I was writing this same message to you , and I almost lost it when I accidentally closed the window .
Ahggg , I was so angry .
Have a great night !
It was corrected [ 2011 - 08 - 20 ]

I say about my fun .
I 'll talk about what is fun .
I will tell you about what I do for fun .
My fun is to watch favorite TV programs .
It is fun to watch my favorite TV programs .
I like to watch my favorite TV programs .
But I am now a student , and I come home about 23 : 00 to 24 : 00 .
So when I come home about all programs I want to watch has done .
So when I come home about all programs I want to watch have already finished .
So when I come home , about all programs I want to watch are over .
As I record programs to my Blu - ray disk .
So , I record programs to my Blu - ray disk .
And I watch programs after come home .
In recent days I 'll write about my favorite programs .
In the following days I 'll write about my favorite programs .
I 'll write about my favorite programs soon .

Some university students find they benefit from part - time work while others say that working even part - time would prevent them from making the most of their studies . Discuss the merits of both arguments . With which point of view do you agree with regard to your country and why ?
Some university students find they benefit from part - time work while others say that working even part - time would prevent them from making the most of their studies . Discuss the merits of both arguments . With which point of view do you agree with in regard to your country and why ?
Some university students find it beneficial to have a part - time job while others say that anyjob , even part - time , would prevent them from making the most of their studies . Discuss the merits of both arguments . Which point of view do you agree with and which point of veiw does your country agree with and why ?
Some students need to find job for living , but others have choice if they work or no for extra money .
Some students need to find jobs for living , but others have a choice if they work or not for extra money .
Some students need to a find job to make a living , while others have a choice of whether to work for extra money or not .
Also some of them say work would obstacle for their study .
Also some of them say work would be an obstacle for their study .
some students say thatwork will interfere with their study 's .
It sounds it is right so that study should be prioritized .
But I agree with that students do part - time even in Japan .
But I agree with that students do part - time work even in Japan .
In japan it is common that parents pay their children 's tuition and living cost until they graduate from school .
So they do not need to work , though they still need some extra money for cloth dating and so on .
So they do not need to work , though they still need some extra money for clothes , dating and so on .
So for these students there is no need to work , though they still need some extra money for clothes , dating , and so on .
I think there are few students who work for living cost like foods , house rent , utility bill .
I think there are few students who work for living costs like food , rent , utility bills .
I think there are a few students who need to work to afford living expenses such as food , house rent , and utility bills .
Thats why it seems unnecessary experience .
Thats why it seems like an unnecessary experience .
But It 's not only money that they could have .
They can learn how to work with other people and cope with problems that they face in their workplace .
Cooperation skill is very important , so if they wo n't do any job while they are student , after graduate they may face some difficulty such as related with social and coping skill in the future .
Cooperation skills are very important , so if they wo n't do any job while they are student , after graduation they may face some difficulty such related with social and coping skills in the future .
Cooperation skills are very important in life , so if a student has no experiance in this they may face some difficulty with social settingsand working through problems in the future .
Also they would know how time is precious and enhance their time management skill .
Also they would know how time is precious and enhance their time management skills .
Also students , who work , would come to understand how precious time is and enhance their time management skills .
In conclusion , part - time job is beneficial but students should n't spend too much time for a little extra money .
In conclusion , part - time jobs are beneficial but students should n't spend too much time for a little extra money .

If I were cheated . . .
I hear news that one of oldest and most famous restaurants in Rome was punished with suspending business operation because they dishonestly charged a Japanese couple about 700 Euros for lunch .
I heard news that one of the oldest and most famous restaurants in Rome was punished with suspention of their business operation because they dishonestly charged a Japanese couple about 700 Euros for lunch .
They can not speak Italian or English , but their Japanese hotel owner went to the police with them and claimed it .
They could not speak Italian or English , so their Japanese hotel owner went to the police station with them to claim the money back .
I was surprised that they paid it with their credit card !
I was surprised that they had paid with their credit card !
If I were them , I would make complaint in English , anyway .
If I were them , I would make a complaint in English anyway .
But they might threaten me or pretend not understanding English . . . .
But they might have threatened me or pretended to not understand English . . . .
What can I do ? ? ?
What could I do ? ? ?

it 's my first time using this site .
P ' Pun suggested this site to me and I really appreciated him . .
P ' Pun suggested this site to me and I really appreciate him . .
haha hope he did n't see this .
haha hope he does n't see this .

there are somthing that we need to remember , while there are something that we need to forget , and we had better not remember again .
there are some things that we need to remember , while there are some things that we need to forget , andhad better not remember again .
try to forget somebody who just my life 's guest , they just lived in my passed life .
I 'm trying to forget somebody who was just a guest in my life , they just lived in my past life .
they would not come again .
they will not come again .
I should be strong .
tear can get people 's sympathize , also can make myself feel good , but I do n't like it .
tears can get people 's sympathy , andcan make me feel good , but I do n't like it .
tears showing that I am weak , I never willing other people find my tears .
tears show that I am weak , I amnever willing for other people to see me crying .
so these unhappy things also would lose toghter with time .
the memory of these unhappy things will disappear with time .

It 's May now , but is too hot .
It 's May now , but it is too hot .
I can not bear this situation . . .
I want someone to help me .

Long meeting . . .
Today , we had VERY long meeting . . .
Today , we had a VERY long meeting . . .
It took over 2 hours , and it was so boring that many of us slept : - P
It was over 2 hours , and it was so boring that many of us slept : - P
After that , I tried to fix bug on my software .
After that , I tried to fix a bug on my software .
The software had worked well until I upgraded the version of the library used in my software .
I googled 3 or 4 hours and finally I could fix the bug ! !
I had googled for 3 or 4 hours and finally I found a solution and fixed the bug ! !
It seems that there is no Japanese Information about the bug , so If I can have time , I write an article about that .
It seems that there is no information in Japanese about the bug , so if I have time , I will write an article about that .
That 's why my eyes are very sore : (

How many clocks do you have ?
There are many clocks in my home .
There 're the alarm clock , desktop computer , laptop computer , iPod , ipad , iPhone , TV , VTR , and cooking timer .
Each thing ticks down .
We live a regular life using clocks .
We live our everyday lives using clocks .
Getting up in the morning , Going to work , Backing to home , Going to bed in the night .
We use them when we get up in the morning , go to work , to go back home , and go to bed at night .
But I often dream the life without clocks .
But I often dream of a life without clocks .
I think that It might be a life of wealth .
I think that it might be a richer kind of life . ( ? )

Official tour
My boss is go official tour today .
My boss goes on a official tour today .
I am a free in the morining .
I am free in the morining .
But test is next week .
But the test is next week .
I have to study hard .

A fire drill
There was a fire drill at my school today .
It 's assuming to a fire .
By the way , Is there the drill that assumes earthquake ?
By the way , Is there the drill for earthquakes ?
As for the drill of Japan , earthquakes are more than fires , because Japan occurs of many earhquake .
, Earthquakedrills happen more than firedrills in Japan , because Japan has many earhquakes .
I am afraid to it .
There is this language in Japan .
There is an expression in Japanese .
`` A earthguake , A thunder , A fire , A father ``
`` earthquakes , thunder , fires , fathers ``
These are all scared .
These are all scary .
If there are mistakes in my sentence , please tell me .
If there are mistakes in my sentences , please tell me .
Good bye .

It was a rainy day today .
It 's been raining .
How depressing !
I do n't like rainy days .
It was also a cold day today .
According to the weather forecast , it 's going to snow tomorrow .
According to the weather forecast it 's going to snow tomorrow .
I think winter is surely coming .
I think winter is surely coming soon .
I 'm plannning to go to Sapporo ( a capital of Hokkaido , Japan ) this weekend and I feel uneasy to go through the pass because it 's very dangerous to drive on the icy road .
I 'm planning to go to Sapporo ( the capital of Hokkaido , Japan ) this weekend and I feel uneasy about going through the pass because it 's very dangerous to drive on icy roads .
Actually , I 've never gone through the pass in this season of the year .
Actually , I 've never gone through the pass during this time of the year .
I hope that nothing will happen .
I hope that nothing bad will happen .
Today four more students were absent from school because of the swine flu .
In total , thirteen students were absent .
The third and fourth grade class are suspended as well as the first grade class .
The third and fourth grade classes were suspended as well as the first grade class .
I 'm worried about my students ' condition .
I 'll demonstrate English class tomorrow .
I 'm a little nervous but I 'm looking forward to it .
I spent after school preparing for it .
I hope that someone will give me some beneficial and useful advice and my students will enjoy my class .

It 's starting Octorber
Good morning !
Thank you foy reading and for your corrections .
Thank you for reading and for your corrections .
It was so cool yesterday .
All most of Japanese people are changing there 's dress for the season in Octorber .
Most Japanese people are changing their clothing for the season in Octorber .
I want to eat something the Japanese stews when it is getting cold .
I want to eat some sort of Japanese stew when it gets cold .
I made `` ODEN `` a few days before .
I made `` ODEN `` a few days ago .
ODEN is one of the famous of Japanese stews in winter .
ODEN is a famous Japanese stew in winter .
I love it , because my body becoming warm and healthy .
I love it , because my body becomes warm and healthy .
Would you tell me what foods do you eat the cold day in your country ?
Would you tell me what foods you eat on cold days in your country ?

I 'm angry to my father ! !
I 'm angry with my father ! !
Today , I made `` Ozouni `` again .
I made some mistakes but everyone expect for my father said it was good .
I made some mistakes but everyone except for my father said it was good .
They were really kind .
Everyone was very ( kind .
My father , however , said `` Oh , this mochi is really hard like a stone . `` as soon as he ate .
My father , however , said `` Oh , this mochi is really hard like a stone . `` as soon as he ate it .
Was n't he rude ?
While I cooked , he just slept .
While I cooked , he was just sleeping .
He should help or say nothing .
He should have helped or just said nothing .
I am still angry .

Saturday ! !
Today , I had some problem in my car .
Since friday , whenever I turned on A / C , some weird and loud noise came from the front part of the car where an engine is located .
Since Friday , whenever I turned on A / C , a weird and loud noise comes from the front part of the car , where the engine is located .
Also , I could hear similar sound when making a turn .
I was worried and took my car to the mechanic .
They said I had some problem with A / C .
As for noise of turning , they just refilled a little tank with some liquid .
After that , that noise went away .
But , I still could hear very interrupting and worrying noise from A / C .
But , I still could hear very a interrupting and worrying noise from A / C .
They said they do n't do that kind of service there and gave me the direction of another place .
I drove there and asked for help .
But , unfortunatley enough , they did n't have any techinician at that time specialized in the A / C part .
Thus , I had to get back home .
Tomorrow is sunday , so I do n't think they will open their business .
Tomorrow is Sunday , so I do n't think they will be open .
I will take my car again on monday .
I hope It wo n't cost me a lot .
I hope it wo n't cost me a lot .
I will post a picture of Spot tomorrow with some writing , yet , right now , I 'm so tired and want to go sleep .
I will post a picture of Spot tomorrow with some writing . Right now , I 'm so tired and want to go sleep .

these days
I feel so tried , I had to finish my homework , but I think it 's all right that I can finish my homework at the end of this holiday .
I feel so tried . I had to finish my homework , but I think I will be able to finish my homework by the end of this holiday .
but my parents did n't , think so , they think I finish my work and I will learn something else .
However , my parents do n't agree . They think I will spend my time learning somethings else .
Hu . . . . . .
so many work , how long can I finish it ? ? ? ! ! !
So much work . I can I finish it all .

I 'm on a diet
I decide to go on a diet .
I have decided to go on a diet .
I hate my figure .
Everyone around me told me that I do n't have to lose weight ,
but I do n't think so .
I think that they just do n't know me .
I want to wear pretty clothes !

Do you like dim - sum ? ?
I am a cantonese , people usually love to have breakfast in hotel .
Tea , Dimsum .
I went to GuangZhou a few days ago , intro some kind of dimsum for a ShangHai friend .
I went to Guangzhou a few days ago , and introduced some kinds of dimsum to a Shanghai friend .
She loves it so much .
She loved it so much .
My favorite DimSum is LiuSha Bao , cold cake , and chicken feet !
My favorite kind of dim sum is liusha bao cold cake , and chicken feet !
= ) You should try Cantonese Dimsum IF you go to GuangDong .
= ) You should try some Cantonese dim sum IF you go to Guangdong .
Maybe try others if you not dare to try chickfeet !
Maybe try others if you do n't dare to try chicken feet !

Today I went to a bookstore .
The girl standing in front of a novel corner was very cute .
I wanted to be friends , but I could n't .
I wanted to be friends ( with her ) , but I could n't .
I was shy and could n't find the reason to talk with her .
I was shy and could n't find a reason to talk with her .
I bought a novel , and then bought a hamburger at McDonalds , got home and stayed indoors .

Happy New Year . ( 2 )
My boyfriend and I are going to a shrine to pray for our health of this year .
My boyfriend and I are going to a shrine to pray for our health for this year .
After that , we might go to a movie theater to see `` AVATAR . ``
We are spending a very relaxing time in our holiday .
We are spending a very relaxing time on our holiday .

Recent , I begging to contact stocks .
I wish I can take good care of our family Financial management .
I wish I can take good care of our family financial management .
I get a part of our saves to stock market .
I get a part of our savings to invest in the stock market .
so , if I have free times I concern stock market information .
So , if I have free times I concern stock market information .
So , if I have free time I concern myself with stock market information .
Now , I get a little profit .

job - hunting
Whenever I think about job - hunting , I feel soooo anxiety .
Whenever I think about job - hunting , I feel soooo anxious .
I want be a children forever . . .
I want to be a child forever . . .
Is this Pater Pan syndrome ?
Is this Peter Pan syndrome ?
By the way .
I think a defination of adult is different in the world .
I think the definition of an adult is different throughout the world .
In Japan , `` adult `` is from 20 years old tentatively .
But maybe there will be many countrys that definate `` adult `` more early age .
But maybe there are many countries that define `` adult `` at an earlier age .
Now I 'm 18 years old , so I 'm adult possibly in other country .
I 'm 18 years old , so I could be considered an adult in another country .
It 's amazing !

Natural Born Mosquito Attracter
I really like summer , which reminds me of passion .
My complexion are getting better compared to other seasons .
My complexion is getting better compared to other seasons .
Besides , prolonged daytime makes me feel comfortable even though I go outside in the evening on safety grounds .
But there is one annoying thing .
No other than mosquitoes .
That is mosquitoes .
I personally think that people are divided into two groups : Folks who attract mosquitoes easily or not .
Unfortunately I fell into the former .
One of my nicknames is `` Living mosquito safety net `` .
It means that people around me are free from mosquitoes at the price of my mosquito bites .
So ironically , I 'm not the subject to be protected .
It appears that mosquitoes deeply love to eat my blood .
Dear mosquito , do you really think my blood is more yummy than others ?
Dear mosquitoes , do you really think my blood is more yummy than others ?
I 'm already getting tucked at a great deal of mosquito bites .
I 'm already getting a great deal of mosquito bites .
I even dreamed that mosquitoes attacked me seriously like `` the Birds `` by Hitchcock .
I even dreamed that mosquitoes attacked me seriously like in `` the Birds `` by Hitchcock .
No kidding !
I make up my mind to take actions for it .
I am going to do something about it .
I do n't like to be a powerless victim from mosquitoes .
I do n't like to be a powerless victim for the mosquitoes .
I do n't like to be a powerless victim for mosquitoes .
I 'm wrestling with the ideas so as to protect me from them .
I 'm wrestling with the ideas on how to protect myself from them .
Dear Lang 8 friends , do you have any stories related to mosquitoes ?
I 'm genuinely happy to listen to yours .
As always , thanks for reading my little story .
Hope you have a nice weekend . : )

How to learn English best .
I have studied English for about two one and half years .
But , I can only speak it a little .
Basically , it is said Japanese peaple are not good at speaking English .
Basically , it is said Japanese people are not good at speaking English .
We begine to learn it since junior high scool .
We begin to learn it in junior high scool .
And if we go to university , period We learn is 10 years .
If we go to university , we are learning English for10 years .
Do you beleve the matter ?
hi everybody
my name is oanhchau , im from viet nam , my language is vietnames ,
My name is oanhchau . I 'm from Vietnam . My language is vietnamese .
this is the first times I write my journals on the internet , actually my
This is the first time I write a journal on the internet . Actually my
english is very bad , and now I am trying to stydy english hard
english is very bad , so now I am trying to stydy english hard

Next month of snow .
Next month I planing to get some rest at snowy mountains .
Next month I am planing to get some rest at the snowy mountains .
Unfortunately I could not it during the new year 's celebrations with my friends because of my illness .
Unfortunately I could not do it during the new year 's celebrations with my friends because of my illness .
But now , after exams I must have some fresh highland air .
But now , after the exams I must have some fresh highland air .
There is a ski resort in my town , but to my regret I have got to know about it at last year .
There is a ski resort in my town , but to my regret I only got to know about it at last year .
Over there snowboard is popularest , but I have chosen it not for this reason .
Over there snowboard is the most Popular , but I did not chose it for this reason .
I have experience of many years in ski , but I never snowboarded .
I have experienced many years in skiing , but I never snowboarded .
Well , I wait for the end of this month and for good weather now .
Well , I will wait for the end of this month and for good weather now .

Traditional Peruvian Food `` Santiago Queirolo ``
The best traditional peruvian food of all the places I 've already ate .
The best traditional peruvian food of all the places I 've eaten at !
It 's mostly a very good place where you can enjoy our traditional dishes .
It 's located in the San Martin 1062 avenue Pueblo Libre .
It 's located at 1062 San Martin Avenue , Pueblo Libre .
Particularly , they have a great and good variety of food , a big menu of traditional meals and dishes such as papa rellena , ceviche , butifarra and one of the most famous is `` choritos a la chalaca `` .
In particular , they have a good variety of great food , a big menu of traditional dishes such as papa rellena , ceviche , butifarra . One of the most famous is `` choritos a la chalaca `` .
The whole place has an structure of our colonial time !
The whole place is an old colonial building !
I think is one of the only places in the capital city that maintains these traditions .
I think it 's one of the only places in the capital city that maintains these traditions .
Inside of the restaurant , you will see many pictures about the time when this place was under construction , pictures of our first monorail , the first cars in peru , etc .
Inside of the restaurant , you will see many pictures from the time when this place was under construction , pictures of our first monorail , the first cars in peru , etc .
The place is quite small but very comfortable .
The waiters are a bit old but they are really good .
The waiters are a bit old , but they are really good .
I feel very pleasant every time I go there , you ca n't not only find out about our food , but also you can find out a little bit about our history !
I feel very pleasant every time I go there . You find out about not only our food but also a little bit about our history !
and there are a lot of foreigners going there as well .
And there are a lot of foreigners going there as well .
The price it 's quite normal and I find it reasonable since they cook very well . .
The price is quite normal and I find it reasonable since they cook very well . .
I would like to recommend this restaurant for all the tourists who are coming to visit Peru , if you plan to fill your stomach with something tradtional , fast , unique and good with such a ancient place like this , do n't hesistate and go find it out for your own .
I would like to recommend this restaurant to all the tourists who are coming to visit Peru . If you plan to fill your stomach with something tradtional , fast , unique and good from an ancient place like this , do n't hesistate and go find it out for yourself .

Hi everyone ! !
I 'm writting my first post , and I need to your help to explore my english .
I 'm writting my first post , and I need to your help to explore my English .
My friend Rafael , said in one of his lasts post , that he only can study in a perfect notebook .
My friend Rafael , said in one of his last posts , that he canonly study in a perfect notebook .
He 's a very funny guy , and I meet him when we was only five years old until now .
He 's a very funny guy , and I meet him when we wereonly five years old .
Untilthis start year , he was my classmate , and he suggested me this website .
Until the start of this year , he was my classmate , and he suggested this website to me .
In my point of view , it 's a complicate website , but I think if I practice , I can use so goos this site , and finally reach my objec .
In my point of view , it 's a complicate website , but I think if I practice , I can use so goos this site , and finally reach my objective .
I 'll apreciate who correct my text , , and thaksssss ( a lot of `` S `` it 's a internet form or expression that we use a lot in MSN , here in Brasil )
I 'll appreciate thosewho correct my text , and thanksssss ( a lot of `` S `` it 's a internet form or expression that we use a lot on MSN , here in Brasil )

I speeded up the road tying to catch up my friend 's car .
I sped up on the road trying to catch up to my friend 's car .
I did not see a police car was behind me .
I did not see that a police car was behind me .
I realized that 's why everyone was driving so slow .
I realized that was why everyone was driving so slow .

Do you like soccer ?
Do you like soccer ?
I like soccer very much !
Especially , I like watching Eurupe soccer !
I especially like watching European soccer !
If you like soccer , please write your comment .

He defeated a bully
He Defeated a Bully
My son was sometimes bullied by some students in his class .
He had put up with it for a month .
When some bullies walked up to him to bully him yesterday , he suddenly defeated the boss of them by a punch in his stomach .
When some bullies walked up to him to bully him yesterday , he suddenly defeated the boss of them with a punch to his stomach .
The boss sobbed in front of everyone .
Honestly , I was glad to hear that from my son and I am proud of him .
Honestly , I was glad to hear this from my son , and I am proud of him .
Whenever I heard some bad stories , I always remembered `` Biff `` in the movie `` Back to the future `` .
I thought that my son got the piece school life for a while .
I think that my son will have a more peaceful school life for a while .

I think . .
Nowadays I think a lot of things .
Nowadays I think about a lot of things .
Maybe final test is coming soon .
Maybe the final test is coming soon .
I 'm very tired .
And good - bye

my first date
Yesterday , I played with my new friend .
I rode his motorcycle .
I took a ride on his motorcycle .
And he took me many places that I 've never been .
He took me many places that I 've never been .
I was so glad I could go to the sea with him .
It was an entirely new experience for me .
Riding motorcycle was not as scary as I thought .
Riding a motorcycle was not as scary as I thought it would be .
I 'm looking forward having a date with him again .
I heard he has n't girlfriend .
I heard he has n't got a girlfriend .
So I hope I can be his girlfriend . . .

2011 . 07 . 24
Today I will going to meet my friends who study with me in university .
Today I will meet my friends who study with me at university .
We will meet at 6 P .
We will meet at 6 PM .
We will meet at 6 PM .
M and have drink some liquor .
M and drink some liquor .
We 're going to drink some liquor .
I think I wo n't come to my home today .
I do n't think I 'll return home today .
I do n't think I will be able to come home today .
Kittens Rescue
My neighborhood is surrounded by stray cats .
I like to take home sick kittens to treat their illness .
I like to take home sick kittens to treat their illnesses .
Most kittens are overly ill and died few days later .
Most kittens are really sick and die a few days later .
My cat is the only kitten that grows to adulthood .
My cat is the only kitten that has grown to adulthood .
A kitten made a way to my house .
It was raining .
He was wet , cold , thin , and had droopy eyes .
I wanted to adopt him but I do n't have a space for two cats .
I wanted to adopt him , but I do n't have enough space for two cats .
So , I decided to nourish him before releasing him .
I bath him everyday because he has thick layer of fleas .
I bathed him everyday because he had a thick layer of fleas .
After a few days , his eyes are getting better but he 's still thin .
After a few days , his eyes were getting better , but he was still thin .
This noon , when I checked how he was doing , his box was empty .
This afternoon , when I checked on how he was doing , his box was empty .
The housemaid said , that he went to the veranda , jumped from the second floor , and escaped through the front gate .
The housemaid said that he went to the veranda , jumped from the second floor , and escaped through the front gate .

Summer heat is back
It is very hot these days .
It seems like the summer is back .
It seems like summer is back .
The temperature in the daytime is more than 30 degrees .
The temperature in the daytime is over 30 degrees .
However , it is cooler in the morning and evening with pleasant autumn breeze .
However , it is cooler in the morning and evening with a pleasant autumn breeze .
We also feel pleasant breeze in the shade even in the daytime .
We also feel a pleasant breeze in the shade , even in the daytime .
Enjoy this nice season !

100 km Trailwalk for Fund Raising
Yesterday I went cycling .
During the cycling , I stopped at some local public facility ,
During the cycling trip , I stopped at a local public facility
where many trekkers took a rest .
where many trekkers were resting .
I was surprised to see many non - Japanese people there .
I wondered why so many people were walking there that I asked one of them .
I wondered why so many people were walking there so I asked one of them .
She told me that this facility was one of checkpoints of Oxfam Trailwalk .
She told me that this facility was one of the checkpoints of the Oxfam Trailwalk .
Participants walk 100 km within 48 hours in this event .
Actually the checkpoint I saw yesterday was that for 80 km .
Actually , the checkpoint I saw yesterday was the one for 80 km .
She said that they were waling another 20 km for the rest of the day .
She said that they were walking another 20 km for the rest of the day .
This event is also fund - raising event .
This event is also a fund - raising event .
If you want to join the event , you have to raise a certain amount of donated funds .
I was happy to see so many non - Japanese join the event ,
as they might fear the nuclear crisis and aftershock of the 3 . 11 earthquake .
as they might fear the nuclear crisis and aftershocks of the 3 . 11 earthquake .
Some wore T - shirts on which some encouraging messages for Japan were written .
Some wore T - shirts on which encouraging messages for Japan were written .
If you are interested in this event , check the details here .
The Olympic in Vancouver 1
Today , my favorite mogul player run of the final game .
It is fourth time for her to participate the Olympic game .
This is the fourth time for her to participate in the Olympics .
The result of her first olympic in Nagano Japan , was the 7th place , the second 's one in saltlake city U .
She was placed 7th in her first Olympic in Nagano , Japan , 6th in Salt Lake City , USA and 5th in Torino , Italy .
S was the 6th place , third 's one in Torino Italy was the 5th place .
Her performance and condition were better than she was and other players , but the result was 4th place .
This time , she had performed better than she had been and the other players , but she was placed only 4th .
I was hoping she would be a medalist .
I was hoping this time she could win a medal . .
After the game she said `` I could n't reach the medal but I did it and I did my best . ``
After her run , she said `` I failed to get a medal but I did try my best . ``
That made me think I would support her ever though I am not ure that she will continue to play mogul .
That made me think that I should support her ever though I am not sure if she will continue with mogul .
Anywany , I think it 's going to be an excitig Olympic .
Anywany , I think it 's going to be one exciting Olympic .

I 'm tatsuya , Japanese , an university student in Japan .
My English is so poor .
So I wanna be a good English speaker .
Please correct my English .
If you want to learn Japanese , I willing to help as much as possible .
If you want to learn Japanese , I 'd be willing to help as much as possible .
Thankyou !

School Festival
I enjoy school festival from October 9th to 11th .
I enjoy the school festival from October 9th to 11th .
I enjoyed the school festival from October 9th to 11th .
There is a concert , and I play the Trombone .
There was a concert , and I played the Trombone .
Many people came to look our concert , so I was very happy .
Many people came to watch our concert , so I was very happy .
Many people came to see our concert , so I was very happy .
I think I will be very hard for next concert .
I think I will work very hard to prepare for the next concert .
I write easy and short sentence this time .
This time I wrote easy and short sentence .
I wrote easy and short sentences this time .
I will write more difficult ( concrete ) and long sentence next .
I will write longer and more difficult sentences next time .

English Meeting for the first time
Today I had a English meeting with three representatives of our company customers .
Today I had an English meeting with three representatives of our company , and customers .
I met three colleagues in Tokyo station then headed to Utsunomiya station where we were going to meet them .
I met three colleagues at the Tokyo station , then headed to Utsunomiya station where we were going to meet them .
I was a little bit nervous yesterday so called my mom to ask her the points I have to keep in mind in the business meeting in English .
I was a little nervous yesterday , so I called my mom to ask her ( about ) the points I have to keep in mind for the business meeting in English .
The most valuable lesson was how to shake hands .
Most Japanese do n't understand the basic concept of `` shake hands , `` She said .
Most Japanese do n't understand the basic concept of `` shaking hands , `` She said .
`` Shaking hands `` is to shake hands literally , not just to grab hands .
I felt comfortable with those lessons she gave and I think I did a good job today .
Anyway I feel free after a big day now .

Huge earthquake and tsunami have attacked my prefecture
A huge earthquake and tsunami hit my prefecture
I could not believe my eyes at all when I saw that on TV .
I could not believe my eyes when I saw it on TV .
Because now I live in Thailand .
I live in Thailand now ,
So it is inconvenient to get the precise information .
So it is difficult to get precise information .
I went for a drink with my colleague and watched a BBC program .
I went for a drink with my colleague and saw the BBC program .
What I saw there , is an atrocious scene .
I saw , an atrocious scene .
Large amount of cars , houses , people had floated .
A large amount of cars , houses , and people were floating .
Walls and signboards had fell .
Walls and billboards had fell .
So many people were waiting for trains to go back home .
The worth things , the focus of the earthquake is near my house .
The worst thing is , the focus of the earthquake was near my house .
My mother and my sister still live there .
My mother and sister still live there .
And apart from them , my father and younger brother also is in the prefecture .
And apart from them , my father and younger brother also are in the prefecture .
Therefore I called with my cellphone to them .
Therefore , I tried to call them with my cellphone ,
But It could n't connect .
I was so worried about of them .
I was so worried about them .
I can not help stopping to see internet to get any information .
I could not stop searching the internet for any information .
For example , ustream , twitter , facebook
Using sites like ustream , twitter , and facebook .
and so on .
Finally , I got an e - mail from my sister this afternoon .
She said they are all safe and stay at home together now .
She said that they were all safe and are staying at home together now .
I felt relieved a little .
I felt a little relieved .
However , the situation is still serious .
I 'm concerned about the nuclear plant .
It is about 100km from my town to the plant , but . . .
you know ?
the damage of nuclear is so terrible .
Nuclear damage is so terrible .
All I have to do is to pray for their safety .
All I can do is to pray for their safety .

Interview
Today I got a phone call that Mrs huang asks me to interview in her company .
Today I got a phone call from Mrs . Huang asking me to interview with her company .
It 's third calls untill this moment , but I did n't go anyone .
It 's the third call so far , but I did n't go . ( yet ? )
Sometime I regret my decision , but I have no way because of my studies .
Sometimes I regret my decision , but I have no way because of my studies .
I just want to find a job early , then I 'll have time to work next term .
In fact , I am nervous since I remember the interview .
I do n't perpare for it entirely .
I did n't prepare for it entirely .
I do n't perpare for it at all .
I do n't know how to dress up and how to deal with one and one hard questions that I can n't answer .
I do n't know how to dress for an interview , how to deal with one , and how to answer hard questions .
Now , I 'm confused .
Now I 'm confused .
I 'm bored to death .

I ` m hungry .
I ` m college student and I live dormitory .
I ` m a college student and I live in a dormitory .
Dormitory have curfew .
The dormitory has a curfew .
So even If I ` m hungry , I don ` t go to a supermarket to buy food .
So even If I ` m hungry , I ca n't go to a supermarket to buy food when it is past curfew .
But I ` m hungry now .
However , I ` m hungry now .
How can I do ?
TT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

The toboggan
We went to toboggan to the hill in my neighborhood .
We went tobogganing down a hill in my neighborhood .
This is my first time to try to toboggan , although I have skied or snowboarded .
It was my first time doing it , although I have skied and snowboarded .
That was so scary !
It was so scary !
At first I saw it lightly and I thought it is the sport just for kids .
At first I brushed it off and thought it is was a sport for kids .
At first I saw it lightly and I thought it is a sport just for kids .
But it was even more thrilling than skiing or snowboarding .
It is like coasters .
It is like a roller coaster .
The more it went down , the more speed it got .
The farther we went , the faster we went .
The speed is outrageous .
The speed was outrageous .
Besides I could n't control well .
Besides that , I could n't control it well .
I was really worried about bumping against people and trees .
I actually stroke on a children .
I actually struck a child .
Fortunately she did n't hurt , but my mind went blank at the moment .
Fortunately she was n't hurt , but my mind went blank at that moment .
I admired children because they have no fear .
I admired the children because they had no fear .
I admire children because they have no fear .
I guess there are a lot of opportunity to toboggan here and I have to improve it for not be beaten by children .
I guess there are a lot of opportunities to toboggan here and I have to improve my skills so as not to be beaten by children .
I guess there are a lot of opportunities to toboggan here and I have to improve it as to not be beaten by children .
Overall I enjoyed myself !

Daily 2010 . 11 . 4
I went to a party today .
I considerably got drunk .
I got pretty / fairly drunk .
I will sleep ahead of time today .
I will go to sleep early today .

My girlfriend is worth respecting
My girlfriend is worth respecting .
She can be kind to everyone around her and never says bad things .
It is far more difficult than we think to behave like that way .
It is far more difficult than we think to behave that way .
She is not only able to play the piano well , but also knows how to listen .
Because ensemble requires cooperation , listening to other is very important .
Because a relationship requires cooperation , listening to each other is very important .
Because a musical ensemble requires cooperation , listening to the other parts being played is very important .
It also applies to daily conversations .
This also applies to daily conversations .
Her attitude of listening enriches her communication .
I sometimes wonder if I deserve to be her boyfriend .
I should learn from her .

Today was sunny and then it was cloudy .
I made cookies for the next my confectionery book in the noon to evening .
then I went to Apple store in shibuya on my bicycle .
I learned to make renewal my website from a trainer .
It was n't finish .
It was n't finish . It did n't finish .
It was time over .
I 'll try next day .
I 'll try next day . I 'll try tomorrow .

Otaku - girl went to Shimokitazawa
hey ~ hello : D
this is anne who keep listening 575 by perfume ( japanese artist ) these days .
this is anne who keeps listening to 575 by perfume ( japanese artist ) these days .
welcome to my diary .
11 / 4 @ shimokitazawa
first I went to village vanguard which is a bookstore .
first I went to Village Vanguard which is a bookstore .
this is one of the most kawaii and useful bookstores ive ever been .
this is one of the most kawaii and useful bookstores I 've ever been to .
I love their `` pop `` ( btw how can I say the pop ? )
well . . . they put a cool covered cd .
then I went to cafe ordinaire .
I just wanted to get warm .
and I had a banana tart with cream and a cup of soy latte .
and I had a banana tart with cream and a cup of soy latte .
I wish that place was non - smorking place and
I wish that place was a non - smoking place and
I wish I could stay more . . .
I wish I could stay a little bit longer .
( you have to order more if you want to stay there over 2 hours . . . )
( you have to order more if you want to stay there for over 2 hours . . . )
anyway , , , I love that place and the tart tasted good .
and this is a kind of book cafe so
and this is a kind of a book cafe so
so many books are there .
so there are many books
I read the book of movie quotes ( interesting )
I read the book about movie quotes ( interesting )
and the newest one of one piece .
amaaaaazinnng and made me cry .
amaaaaazinnng and it made me cry .
this is me and this is a day of otaku - girl .
this is me and this is a day of an otaku - girl .
Time to Kill ~ ~ : )
I 'm wating for my colleague in my office now to leave out here together .
Actually I do n't like this situation , cause I do n't have my own car .
That 's why I need to wait for my colleague who has a gorgeous car .
So , I 'm planning to buy a car in a few month .
As you know , economy situation is getting worse especially car industry including US and Korea .
As you know , the economy situation is getting worse , especially the car industry including US and Korea .
I think this is good chance to buy his own vehcle , if anybody get some enough money .
In my case . . . hm . . .
I have to save money if buy a car . . . ^ ^
I have to save money if I wanna buy a car . . . ^ ^

First Diary ! ! !
This is my first diary on Lang - 8 !
I 'm happy to know this site .
I 'm happy to know about this site .
I 'll try to write a diary and correct a someone 's diary everyday .
I 'll try to write a diary and correct someone 's diary everyday .

One minute to write
I had a minute to write .
I am testing whether Lang - 8 has really become faster after its maintenance and I think it is working just fine .
I am testing whether or not Lang - 8 has really become faster after its maintenance and I think it is working just fine .
The access speed is very critical for an SNS and I really appreciate the effort which the staff has made so far .
Access speed is very critical for an SNS and I really appreciate the effort which the staff has made so far .
Thank you , yangyang !
Now I can keep my language practices .
Now I can keep up on my language practices .

I created proxy .
I was thinking about create proxy that is difficult .
I thought that creating proxies was difficult .
but today , I wrote it .
But today , I wrote one .
like pice of cake .
It was piece of cake .
ex . access `` URL `` , normaly , I can not access this foo . html .
but use that code , I can access that URL .
but using that code , I can access that URL .
That mechanism is , When I accsess `` URL `` , proxy responce `` URL `` .
That mechanism is , When I access `` URL `` , proxy response `` URL `` .
because , my next step is `` XSS Ajax `` .
normaly , Ajax can not cross site .
normally , Ajax can not cross site .
but , but use this mechanism , perhaps , I can do it .
but , but using this mechanism , perhaps , I can do it .

Hello , I 'm a new here .
Hello , I 'm new here .
This is my first message for a test .
I was a little bewildered when I first saw this site .
But then I realized it was the interesting one ; therefore , I have registered here .
But then I realized it was an interesting one ; therefore , I have registered here .
As of my English , I 've been learning it for already 1 year .
People say I 'm making a big progress , but I do n't think so .
People say I 'm making big progress , but I do n't think so ,
Because my spoken English is still poor .
because my spoken English is still poor .
I often talk to native speakers , but as a matter of fact , I do n't understand them too much .
I often talk to native speakers , but actually , I do n't understand them too much .
What would you advise me ?
Thank you in advance .

Rainy season
Yesterday , the rainy season began at Kyusyu district , which is located to southwestern part of Japan .
Yesterday , the rainy season began at Kyusyu district , which is located in the southwestern part of Japan .
It will begin at all part of the country in the next few days .
It will begin in all parts of the country during the next few days .
I do n't like this season because it is difficult to go out at a rainy day .
I do n't like this season because it is difficult to go out on a rainy day .
But you can see beautiful hydrangea at the rainy season in Japan .
But you can see beautiful hydrangea during the rainy season in Japan .

My hair is divided on the left side .
My hair is parted on the left side .
My hair is parted on the left side .
When I put down my hair , it is about the length to my middle back .
When I put down my hair , it is long enough to reach my middle back .
I am planning to grow it longer best to my lower back .
I am planning to grow it longer ; to my lower back .
I do not have a lot of hair so I do a special perm to make the valume more .
I used to wear bang .
I used to wear bangs . ( Or have bangs )
I used to have bangs .
Since I was told to reveal my forehead to have better luck , I grew the front hair and pull it to the side .
Since I was told to reveal my forehead to have better luck , I grew the front hair out and pulled it to the side .

Today , I went to a coffee shop with my girlfriend .
I 'm very pleased with the shop .
That shop always put a flower in a big vase .
The shop always has flower ( s ) in a big vase .
I 'm looking forward to seeing it .
Today 's flower was `` fox face `` .
Today 's flower is called `` fox face `` .
I have never seen that plant .
It looked like `` fox face `` really .
My friend is a teather of junior college .
My friend is a teacher at a junior college .
Recently , your student asked her .
`` Why we need study ? ``
Do you think that ?
She said , `` What do you think ? ``
Her said .
I thought a little , and I answerd .
I thought about it a little bit , and I answered ,
For expand the capability of them .
She smiled in agreement , and sipped the hot coffee .
She smiled in agreement , and sipped hot coffee .
I watched the sunset through the window .
It was a beatiful evening .

I 'm not go to school
I 'm not going to school
because ceremomey of my school openning
because of the school opening ceremony
I go to libray and study hard
I am going to go to the library and study hard
and go to academy
and go to academy ( academy ? )
today I am very tired

How are you today ?
Today is a holiyday .
Today is a holiday .
Today is a holiday .
I am at home .
I was very sick , thursday .
I was very sick last / on Thursday .
But I am not went to the hospital .
But I did not go to the hospital , because I was busy .
But I did not go to the hospital .
Because I was busy .
I am very felt bad .
I felt really bad .
Now , I am fine .
I am feel so good .
I feel so good .
yesterday , my best friend was birthday .
Yesterday was my friend 's birthday .
Yesterday was my friend 's birthday .
I bought a clock and hairdry .
I bought her a clock and a hairdryer .
I bought a clock and a hairdryer .
I does went to drived a car .
I drove to the party .
I drove to her birthday party .
We are the party .
We are at the party .
It is a surprised and fun .

Firework festival
Today the most famous fireworks festival was held in Omagari , Akita Prefecture in Japan .
I could n't go to Akita to enjoy them but I watched TV .
I could n't go to Akita to enjoy it / the festival but I watched it on TV .
As of yet I have n't seen the fireworks neither TV nor real one .
I have never seen the fireworks neither on TV nor real one / live .
Today I realized next year I should go there .
Becuase they are so beautiful with beautiul music .
Because they are so beautiful with beautiful music .
How romantic ! ! ^ ^

In the train
In the train , a high school student sit down on a chair .
In the train , a high school student sat down on a chair .
In front of him , an elderly woman appeared .
In front of him an elderly woman appeared .
He said to her ' Sit down , please . '
He said to her ' Sit down , please . '
But she declined that proposal so he felt embarassed and pity to say so .
But she declined that proposal so he felt embarassed and pity for asking .
But she declined his offer so he felt embarassed ( I think pity is the wrong word ? ) about it .
A week later , ahead of elderly man , the student become to sit down without saying anything .
A week later , ahead of an elderly man , the student sat down without saying anything .
What would you do in that situation if you were the student ?
What would you do ( can do n't need ) if you were the student ?
I would say ' please sit down '
But you should know there are people who do n't want to be said so .
But you should know there are people who do n't want to be asked .

Women love talking .
Women Love Talking .
It 's a very cold day : - (
My friend and I were going to do the homework after classes .
My friend and I were going to do homework after classe .
we were doing the homework at the good pace .
We were doing the homework at the good pace .
But we talked about our high school days to refresh ourselves because we were tired .
But then we started talking about our high school days to refresh ourselves because we were tired .
We planed to do the homework again a short time later .
However , we were talking for 1 hour and 30 minutes !
and we had not time to do the homework , so we went to each home .
We had no time to do the homework , so we each went home .
It is very fun of me to talk with my friends .
It is very fun for me to talk with my friends .
Probably , most women will like it .
Probably , most women like it .
How about you ?

I 'm a Jaapanese .
I 'm a Japanese .
I like cat .
I like my cat .
She name is Karupin .
Her name is Karupin .
She waked up me at seven everyday .
She wakes up me at seven everyday .
But she sleep together .
But we sleep together .
It 's very cute and I feel rilax .
It 's very cute and I feel relaxed .

Today , m worked as intern in a small venture company .
Today , I worked as intern at a small venture company .
Today , I worked as an intern at a small venture company .
In this company , there are only four people there and some intern students including me .
In this company , there are only four people and some intern students including me .
In this company , there are only four people there and some intern students , including me .
This company deal with some It like business .
This company deals with some IT - like business .
This company deals with some IT - like business .
And today after the working I had a dinner with my acquaintance , a person who is workin in the famous consulting company accenture .
And today after working I had dinner with my acquaintance , a person who is working in the famous consulting company accenture .
And today , after work I had dinner with my acquaintance , a person who works at the famous consulting company , Accenture .
He is also born in Kansai area , I mean Osaka , so the tempo we are talking matches .
He was also born in Kansai area , I mean Osaka , so the tempo we spoke at matched .
The topic came to the experience I had in my Phillipine trip that I had in this August .
The topic of my experiences on my trip to the Philippines that I had this August came up in conversation .
We talked about the experience I had during a trip to the Philippines that I had this August .
This trip was held by all myself to see the thoroughly different culture and study English , and my trial resulted in success .
I had traveled alone to thoroughly observe the different culture and study English , and my trial resulted in success .
I made the trip by myself to see a thoroughly different culture and to study English . My trial was successful .
I could experienced precious time .
I had a precious experience .
I could experienced precious time . [ ? ]
And as I talked about that topic , I do n't know why , but I noticed tears in my eyes .
And as I talked about it , I do n't know why , but I noticed tears in my eyes .
And as I talked about it , I do n't know why , but I noticed tears in my eyes .
This is probably because of that experience , I had there , that is what I saw in slam area and people in poverty and what I felt unreasonable .
This is probably because of the experience I had there , that is what I saw in the slums and people in poverty and what I felt was unreasonable .
This is probably because of the experience I had there : what I saw in the slums , and people in poverty , and what I felt was unreasonable .
I thought I want to heartily changed this situation , people who naturally did n't do anything wrong .
I remember thinking that I want to heartily changed this situation , to help people who naturally did n't do anything wrong .
I felt that I really wanted to change this situation , to help people who naturally did n't do anything wrong .
I thought again , and what should I do ?
I thought again about what I should do .
I thought again about what I should do .
I asked to myself again in my mind , but my answer still could n't come back .
I asked to myself again in my mind , but I still have no answer .

If You Had Stood Next to the Sliding Door
The room was well air - conditioned .
No sounds of swirling air were heard , but from somewhere up on the ceiling , chilly and dry air was mechanically circulating .
It was as small as three to three square meters , and the walls were wood - effect , which you may think gave a hint of dark impression to the space , but the glass pane of the window was so large , fully transparent from the bottom to the top , that we could feel moderately comfortable , not too dark nor too bright .
From the angle where I was seated , I could see Yossy and behind her the gloomy , stormy weather in Tokyo through the window , but could n't hear any sounds of the rain or thunder .
From the angle where I was seated , I could see Yossy and behind her , through the window , the gloomy , stormy weather in Tokyo ; I could n't hear any sounds of the rain or thunder .
Even though we were behaving normally like mature adults , we might naturally become a little nervous .
At least I forgot to ask her several , but very material questions that I wanted to hear directly from her ;
Music - wise , how should I properly understand regarding the natural harmonic overtone ?
How has she been able to improve her English ever since she began to write her journal here every day ?
How does she practice playing sax , her professional carrier , and how could she keep her motivation to improve more ? etc , etc . . .
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside , you might have heard intermittet laughing sounds made by a female , and monotonous , enthusiastic talks by a male , which might have gave you an impression ; the atmosphere was not too bad , or too good either .
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside , you might have heard intermittent laughing sounds made by a female ( 1 only ? ) , and monotonous , enthusiastic talks by a male ( 1 only ? ) , which might have gave you an impression ; the atmosphere was not too bad , or too good either .
If you had stood next to the sliding door of the room hearing what was being talked inside , you might have heard intermittent laughing sounds made by a female , and monotonous , enthusiastic talks by a male , which might have given you an impression ; the atmosphere was not too bad , or too good either .

Lang - 8 friend !
It has been about 2 weeks I had joined this site .
It has been about 2 weeks since I have joined this site .
Surely , I got many friends that really wanted to help me .
Surely , I have gotten many friends that really want to help me .
However , I only found a friend on this site which was really kind and concern .
However , I only found one friend on this site who was really kind and concerned .
She was Laura also called as Amaya , .
She is Laura , also called Amaya , .
She was from US .
She is from the US .
She always helped me on every journals that I have written .
She always helps me on every journal that I have written .
She also corrected me .
She also corrects me .
I 'm proud of her because even though she was busy working and studying .
I 'm proud of her because even though she is busy working and studying .
She still got time to help me .
She still finds time to help me .
So , I would like to thank to Amaya for her helps and advices .
So , I would like to thank Amaya for her help and advice .
I hope she will achieve her dream to study in Japan .
I hope she will achieve her dream of studying in Japan .
Thanks Amaya for being a good friend to me ! = )
I really appreciate that !

birthday party
All our family came to our grandmother 's birthday party .
On birthday , families gather and wish each other well .
On birthdays , families gather and wish each other well .
I feel like pleased .
I feel pleased . I feel happy .
I hope we will continue to a peaceful family in the future .
I hope we will continue to be a peaceful family in the future .

I am so glad today !
I have practical training for three days , the company 's dorm have wireless web .
I have practical training for three days , and the company 's dorm has wireless internet .
I ca n't surf the internet at the first day , so I am very sad , because I surf the internet mostly every day .
I ca n't surf the internet on the first day so I am very sad because I surf the internet almost every day .
But today , I can surf the internet , I am very glad , so I like the company more than before !
But today , I can surf the internet . I am very glad so I like the company more than before !

I had a prejudiced
Recently , high - speed train accident occurred in China .
Recently , a high - speed train accident occurred in China .
I had a prejudiced against China .
But , I have this lang - 8 came , it found that prejudice .
Just very calm and gentle people who even talk to people in China with this site .
I 've met some calm and gentle people from China to talk to with this site .
Of course , not everyone does it all .
Of course , not everyone is like this .
But it is likely that other countries , who commit a crime in any country that all over the world .
So , I want to see the world is still .
I still want to see the world and communicate with many people .
Many people want to be able to communicate .
See you .

hi , I 'm Caronte751 and this is my first post in this site ,
Hi , I 'm Caronte751 and this is my first post on this site ,
I 'd like to improve my english writing some stories or paragraphs
I 'd like to improve my English by writing some stories or paragraphs
I hope I will do the same with you
I hope to do the same for you .

Do you know how to eat muesli ?
When I traveled to Germany , I had muesli for the first time in my life .
At that time I did n't know how to eat them , so I poured milk over them , which did n't taste very well .
At that time I did n't know how to eat it , so I poured milk over it , which did n't taste very good .
In Tokyo I found out muesli in a grocery .
In Tokyo I found muesli in a grocery store .
I saw that we should make them soft by soaking them for several hours in yogurt .
I saw how to make it soft by soaking it for several hours in yogurt .
It seemed a good idea .
It seemed like a good idea .
I bought a pacake of muesli , mixed them with yogurt and put it in my refrigerator at night before going to bed .
I bought a package of muesli , mixed it with yogurt and put it in my refrigerator at night before going to bed .
In the next morning I had it with fruits jam .
The next morning , I had it with jam .
It was so delicious that it was necessary for my breakfast .
It was so delicious that I want to have it more often .

I love soccer .
And I love SHUNSUKE , too .
He is playing at Celtic in Scotland .
He is Japanese , but he has hard work in a foreign country .
So , he looks very cool !
My favorite foreign players is Ronaldinho .
He is very fantastic !
Next year is world cup .
I will be fun .
I will have fun . It will be fun .

I Think Myself on the Quick Sand
I Think of Myself on Quick Sand
I Feel Like I am on Quick Sand
We 've had no longer lifetime employment system sice late 80 's .
We no longer have a lifetime employment system sice the late 80 's .
We have n't had a lifetime employment system since the late 80 's .
Instead , I 've watched powerful harassment like `` you 're incompintent ! `` or `` we do n't afford to pay dude like you . `` in order to enforce them early ritirement .
Instead , I 've watched company harassment like `` you 're incompetent ! `` or `` we ca n't afford to pay you `` in order to force them into early retirement
Instead , I 've witnessed powerful harassment like `` You 're incompetent ! `` , or , `` We do n't afford to pay people like you , `` in order to force them into early retirement .
After introducing the performance system to mimic the US , teamwork does not work and we think co - workers as enemies .
After introducing the performance system to mimic the US , teamwork does not work and we think of co - workers as enemies .
After introducing the performance system to mimic the US , teamwork does not work and we think of co - workers as enemies .
We used to be happy and energetic even if we had hard time in a
We used to be happy and energetic even if we had a hard time during a
We used to be happy and energetic even if we had a hard time during a
recession because we supported each other and believed we 'd be happy someday .
We , however , exploit temporary staff and live in dog - eat - dog world .
We , however , exploit temporary staff and live in a dog - eat - dog world .
We , however , exploit temporary staff and live in a dog - eat - dog world nowadays .
We , however , exploit temporary staff and live in a dog - eat - dog world .
We bully weakers and weakers bully weakests .
We bully weaker employees and they bully the weakest .
We bully the weak and the weak bully the weakest .
Luckly I have a job and depenadable payment .
Luckily I have a job and a dependable income .
Luckily , I have a job and a dependable income .
But , I sometimes feel
But , I feel helpless
helpless when my colleague left the office .
sometimes when my colleagues leave the office .

No more `` mlpxxx ``
Alright !
I 've just changed my name `` mlpxxx `` to `` Chloe `` , even though I still like my old name . . . lol
I 've just remembered I knew `` xxx `` has `` that `` meaning when everyone told me , and I do n't want you guys to mislead my name any more !
I 've just remembered I knew `` xxx `` has `` that `` meaning when everyone told me , and I do n't want to mislead you guys with my name any more !
I 've just remembered I knew `` xxx `` has `` that `` meaning when everyone told me , and I do n't want you guys to be misled about my name any more ! ( see comments )
My cute `` My Little Pony `` should not connet to such a nasty word .
My cute `` My Little Pony `` should not connected to such a nasty word .
lololol No , they shoud not . . . . . . . . .
lololol No , they should not . . . . . . . . .
I do n't think Japanese people know `` xxx `` has `` that `` meaning .
We just know `` Kiss Kiss Kiss `` , so you can see cute and classy Japanese girls have usernames include `` xxx `` on twitter !
We just know `` Kiss Kiss Kiss `` , that is why you can see cute and classy Japanese girls have usernames include `` xxx `` on twitter !
Believe or not , we just think `` xxx `` looks `` Kawaii `` .
Believe itor not , we just think `` xxx `` looks `` Kawaii `` .
: - ) I 've tweeted that kind of things for my kindness on twitter , some of my followers retweeted .
The reason my new name became `` Chloe `` is my real name starts `` C `` also .
I chose `` Chloe `` for my new name because my real name starts `` C `` also .
: - ) I think `` Cindy `` is good one , too .
: - ) I think `` Cindy `` is agood one , too .
: - ) I think `` Cindy `` is a good one , too .
Please get used to my new name if you remembered me `` mlp - porno `` . haha .

My deepest condolence to the earthquake victims .
My deepest condolences to the earthquake victims .
I 'm pretty sad about the earthquake happened in Japan these days .
I 'm pretty sad about the earthquake that happened in Japan a few days ago .
I would like to donate some money through google . org , however the website is partly blocked by our government , so I ca n't finish the donation .
Double sadness !
I wish the death toll wo n't raise anymore , I do n't know what to do to help .
Good luck to all the people live in Japan !
Good luck to all the people that live in Japan !

overtime work
My company 's office hour is supposed to be from 10 : 00 to 7 : 00pm .
My company 's office hours are supposed to be from 10 : 00 to 7 : 00pm .
But , nobody leave office at 7 : 00 .
But , nobody leaves the office at 7 : 00 .
But , nobody leaves the office at 7 : 00 .
My coworker all work untill late night .
My coworkers all work until late at night .
I do n't know exactly what time they go back to home because I 'm first three people to leave office .
I do n't know exactly what time they go home because I 'm one of the first three people to leave the office .
I do n't know exactly what time they go back home because I 'm among the first three people to leave the office .
I usually leave office around 7 : 30 .
I usually leave the office around 7 : 30 .
I usually leave the office around 7 : 30 .
I want to finish job exactly 7 : 00 and enjoy my private life .
I want to finish my job at exactly 7 : 00 and enjoy my private life .
I want to finish work exactly 7 : 00 and enjoy my private life .
But It 's awkward to leave office to 7 while other are working silently . . .
But It 's awkward to leave office at 7 while others are working silently . . .
But it 's awkward to leave the office at 7 while others are working silently . . .

The Day Before The TOEIC Test
Tomorrow , I finally take the TOEIC test .
I 'm not confident about getting a high score very much , but I 'll try my best .
I 'm not that confident about getting a high score , but I 'll try my best .
One of my friends on skype told me that all you have to do is concetrate on the exam and relax .
One of my friends on skype told me that all you have to do is concentrate on the exam and relax .
Certainly , To relax is necessary to get a high score .
Certainly , it is necessary to relax to get a high score .
Since I 've written some journals about TOEIC , you might have guessed that I risk my life for it , but it 's not true .
Since I 've written some journals about TOEIC , you might have guessed that I risk my life for it , but that 's not true .
I only want to confirm my English ability .
Well , studying bussiess English is bloody boring .
Well , studying business English is bloody boring .
I do n't think very much that bussiness English must be needed to communicate with foreign people .
I do n't think that much business English is needed to communicate with foreign people .
Anyway , I have the test tomorrow .
I 'll strive to study as possible as I can .
Thanks for reading !
If you have time , please correct my poor sentences . ; )

HELP ! ! !
what should I write to my pen pals ?
what should I write to my pen pals about ?
about weather ? about my lovely j - bands ? about my school ? about WHAT ? ? ?
if everything would be so easy then I just start writing right now . . .
if everything would be so easy then I could just start writing right now . . .
I guess maybe I should just print some photos of me and send them ? ! ohhh . . .
it 's big `` dilemma `` .
it 's a big `` dilemma `` .
hey guys !
can you recommend me something ?
can you recommend something to me ?
maybe from experience ? thanks ^ ^

I am Shocked .
Two weeks ago I bought a new portable DVD player that is region free at an online - shop .
Two weeks ago I bought a new portable DVD player that is region free at an online shop .
Although I like it , I realized that some DVDs do not work .
Although I like it , I have found that some DVDs do not work .
It is shocking to me .
I have lots of American DVDs whose region cord is 1 in my house .
I have lots of American DVDs whose region code is 1 in my house .
However , I can not watch some of them with the player .
After I looked for why I can not watch some of them , I discovered there are some DVDs that is difficult to recognize the region cord with a region free DVD player .
When I tried to find out why I can not watch some of them , I discovered there are the region code of some DVDs that could not be recognize with a region free DVD player .
When I tried to figure out why I can not watch some of them , I discovered that the DVD Player does n't recognize the region code on some discs .
That is why some my DVDs can not work with my DVD player .
That is why some my DVDs do n't work with my DVD player .
That is why some of my DVDs do not work with my DVD player .
So , I am thinking when I go to America next time , I am planning to buy a portable region cord 1 's DVD player .
So , I am thinking when I go to America next time , I will buy a portable region 1 DVD player .
I think if I bought it , since all my DVDs are region cord 1 , I could watch all of them .
I think if I bought it , since all my DVDs are region code 1 , I could watch all of them .
I think if I bought it , since all my DVDs are region 1 , I will be able to watch all of them .
Although I have to stand this situation before I will go to America , I think it is a good idea .
Although I have to hang on until I go to America again , I think it is a good idea .
Although I have to put up with this until I go to America , I think it is a good idea .
I hope I will be able to buy a good one with a good price .
I hope I will be able to buy a good one at a good price .

I 've got a strained back when I took a DVD of 24 .
I strained my back when I tried to lift a stack of 24 DVDs .
It 's too heavy to me ?
It 's too heavy for me ?

It is last question lol
Here 's my last question ^ ^ lol
Thank you for your kindness .
When I speak Englsh , though It is n't perfect sentence , a native speaker can understand what I mean .
When I speak English , although it is n't in a perfect sentence , a native speaker can usually understand what I mean .
But I always wonder my English is right . .
But , I always wonder if my English is right .
I have never visit foreign country .
See , I have never visited a foreign country .
As an English learner , definitely , It is necessary to go to abroad , But I did not have enough money .
As an English - language learner , it is definitely necessary to go to abroad but I do n't have enough money .
I heard about Sookmyung university TESOL course is linked foreign university , so after finish the course I hope to study going in foreign university .
I heard that Sookmyung University 's TESOL course is linked to a foreign university , so after I finish the course I hope to study abroad at a foreign university .
As an English learner , I felt the English education in Korea was not effective .
As an English - language learner , I feel that the English education in Korea has not been effective .
Through the TESOL course , I hope to improve myself as the good English teacher .
Through the TESOL course , I hope to improve myself as a qualified English teacher .
First of all I will try to complete the sookmyung TESOL course by good grade , and I will learn every guidance with sincerity .
After finish the course I will practice what I learned in Kindergarten and if the chance comes to me I want to go to graduate school .
After finish the course , I will practice what I have learned in preparation to teach Kindergarten and if the chance comes to me I hope to go to graduate school .

My Kindle DX has come !
My Kindle DX has come to my room from U .
I enjoyed experiencing this really novel device while charging its battery .
I think Kindle can change my reading experience .
However , the interface is not sophisticated as that of iPhone .
However , the interface is not as sophisticated as that of iPhone .
I ca n't start to use it without a manual .
Moreover , the display speed is very slow so that I feel stress a little .
Moreover , the display speed was very slow . So I felt slightly impatient .
Amazon should design Kindle to show the progress status clearly when it takes several seconds to finish some operation .
Amazon should design Kindle to show the progress status clearly , as it takes several seconds to finish some operation .
Anyway , I have stepped into the new era of reading !
I 'm really looking forward to enjoy my reading life with it !

Gorge . .
Recently I have a gluttonous appetite . . . .
I have been gluttonous recently . . . .
Recently , I have had a gluttonous appetite . . . .
And the day before ate a dinner but I ate two humburger late at night . .
I had dinner the day before but I ate two more hamburgers late at night after dinner
And yesterday , I ate dinner , but I ate two hamburgers late at night . .
Be hungry soon ahter eating . . .
I was hungry soon after eating . . .
Why is this so ? ? ?

the chinese fairytales
( Good ) Morning !
I founded to Mr hou8592984 's brog .
I found Mr . hou8592984 's blog .
His chinese fairytales are such a fantastic !
His Chinese fairytales are so fantastic !
I love it .

How do you think about lying ?
What do you think about lying ?
Do you think it is necessary to lie to make friends feel better ?
Some people say that it 's not good to tell a lie even it has a reason to do it , others say that some times we need to lie to make people feel better .
Some people say that it 's not good to tell a lie even if you have a reason to do it , while others say that some times we need to lie to make people feel better .
How do you think about it ?
What do you think about it ?

Thinking about author `` Haruki Murakami ``
These days I read the novel `` Kafka on the shore `` .
This is written by Haruki Murakami .
My coworker gave me this novel for my birthday present .
Actually I do n't like Haruki Murakami and coworker 's known that .
But she said this novel was special and you 'd like it .
So I tried to believe her opinion and started to read it .
I 've read half of it , and I think it 's better than I expected .
But sometimes I feel impatient , when I read the sentence that has too much fantastic expression .
You know , Haruki Murakami is best seller author .
His novels are translated throughout the world .
But I do n't know why he is popular in the world .
Do you like Haruki Murakami ?

TOEIC . . .
Now , my TOEIC score is just over 700 .
But If I can , I want to get more than 900 points in the future .
Is it impossible for those living in Japan ?

Depression Journal
My husband told me about `` Lang - 8 `` , which he has found lately . `` Lang - 8 `` seems to be very useful for me because I need to speak and write English on business .
In order to continute to write English , I should decide a thema .
In order to continute to write English , I should decide a theme .
Today I 'll inform you of the thema and reasons I have selected .
Thema : Depression Journal
Theme : Depression
Reasons : Now my husband is working for schools as a Japanese teacher .
Reasons : Now my husband is working ( for schools ) as a Japanese teacher .
However , he had suffered from depression for a few years .
He got well prefectly .
By writing his depressio journal , I would like depressive patients and their family to know about this disease and surely believe his or her recovery .
By writing his depression journal , I would like depressive patients and their families to know about this disease / illness and surely believe in his or her recovery .

On Books and Literary Matters
I can not say I 'm very fond of reading , since I have n't read almost anything , other than technical textbooks for my college exams , for about 2 years .
But , I did enjoy my latest read , some of the titles I list here :
`` The Dark Elf `` series by R .
Salvatore .
I had been reading it in Russian , until I was able to get my hands on the original , which I am planning to read through someday soon .
The translation looked quite poor , but it allowed me to explore a classic fantasy world , with a handful of interesting characters , picturesquely designed landscapes and wonderful legends .
The described actions were quite predictable and sometimes cliche , but it was just the right thing for my mood )
`` The Lord of the Rings `` by J .
Tolkien .
I completed it in Russian some years ago , and now , for the original , I must say : fascinating language !
Though I could not read a paragraph without checking the dictionary , it was great pleasure just to recite those words in my head .
By the way , I absolutely loved the movie trilogy , so reading the original for the second time is a whole new experience .
It now stands as enormous pillar of an epic masterpiece in my memory and conscience .
First three books completed , the other three to go .
The `` Harry Potter `` series by J .
Rowling .
Honestly , the most entertaining thing I have ever read , in both languages .
( This is possibly due to my little reading experience , my being lazy and ignorant . ) I certainly enjoyed reading it in the original a couple of years ago , and for that now I probably need the dictionary no more .
( This is possibly due to my little reading experience , my being lazy and ignorant . ) I certainly enjoyed reading it in the original a couple of years ago , and for that now I probably do n't need the dictionary anymore .
I admit to associating myself with the protagonist greatly , that probably being one of the main attractions .
The flow of narration kept me thrilled till the very end , and I really loved the characters , some of the magic and the ass - kicking )
Occasional reading of short stories does n't count , so that concludes the list of my latest literary endeavors .
So far for the graceful English originals .
As for my mother tongue , I have n't read much since high school ( which ended 3 years ago ) , and it is beginning to hit me on the back .
Not only do I not remember many rules of Russian language , but I often stumble upon some linguistic structures ( supposedly , the remnant knowledge of my Russian and Literature classes , scattered across the memory ) which I am eager to employ in my speech , but find myself wondering if they are correct , and end up rephrasing it all in several variations , one after another .
Basically , my speaking has been turning into something weird lately , and for the same reason my writing has become quite time - consuming .
Sometimes I am even afraid that my Russian does not sound natural anymore , especially when it comes to thoughtfully correcting one 's lexical mistakes .
It often happens so , that I encorporate original English syntactic forms in my speech , which does sound funny , perfectly clear to my friends , but appears frighteningly too often .
Just at this very moment I thought that the whole previous paragraph may not be exactly true , or even entirely incorrect ) ) The truth is , it does not matter much , because the main purpose of this long post is to practise my English , and hopefully to get a bit of attention ( or even comments from ! ) native speakers )
The title of it supposes me to write about something literary .
Unfortunately , I 'm no liberal - arts major , and I do n't read much .
I only named it so for the stylish old sound it produces .
It sounds better than `` On Books `` or `` About Books and Reading `` , do n't you agree ?
I 'd be very glad if a short discussion of such trivial matter as the name of the post were to take place .
That 's it for now , I guess .
A lot of words , but not much valuable information here .
Thank you very much , O dear reader , for reaching this point and even more for your highly appreciated commentary ! : 3

Now in Tokyo .
Tomorrow , I 'll aboard to flight to London .
( Next , London to Barcelona . )
Now I stay in my aunt house .
Now I 'm staying in / at my aunt 's house .
Every time I 'm going to be on a trip , I visit here .
Every time I go on a trip , I visit here .
There are five people here , uncle and aunt , uncle 's mother , cousin who is a man , cousin who is a single mother and has a baby .
There are five people here ; My uncle and aunt , grandmother , a male cousin , and a cousin , who is a single mother and has a baby .
I love them .
By the way , I have a quetion .
When I was a high school student , an ALT ( Assist Learning Teacher ) said ;
`` We usually do n't say [ I 'm loving you . ] , but the shy boy or girl use sometimes . ``
Do the shys really say `` I 'm loving . `` ?

I laughed so hard ! ! !
I did not drink alchohol a couple days .
I did not drink alcohol in a couple of days .
I have not drank alcohol in a couple days .
I was a very good girl .
I have been a very good girl .
I did n't drink yesterday too .
I did n't drink yesterday too .
I was not drunk at all .
I have teaching a dance class every thursday . ( yesterday was thursday )
I have to teach a dance class every thursday . ( yesterday was thursday )
I have been teaching a dance class every thursday . ( yesterday was thursday )
I was so rushing to go to a dance studio .
I was rushing to go to the dance studio .
I was rushing to go to the dance studio .
I was late to leave my place .
I was late leaving my place .
I was late leaving my place .
I was late leaving from my place .
I run to a station , and I found it out when I took train .
I ran to the train station and when I was on the train I found out
I wore two different shoes on my foot . . .
that I was wearing two different shoes on my feet . . .
that I wore two different shoes on my feet . . .
that , I was wearing two different types of shoes on my foot . . .
Those shoes are different colors , different shapes .
Those shoes had different colors and shapes .
I really wanted to go back to change them , but I did 't have time to do it .
I really wanted to go back to change them , but I did 't have time to .
I really wanted to go back home to change them , but I did 't have time .
so I took train wearing two different shoes .
so I stayed on the train wearing two different shoes .
I was standing by one foot on the train .
I was standing on one foot on the train .
I was standing on one foot on the train .
I was standing with one foot in the train .
when I got the studio , everybody laughed at me so hard .
when I got to the studio , everybody laughed at me so hard .
when I arrived to the studio , everybody laughed at me so hard .
I entertained them .
I was dying to laugh .
I was dying of laughter .
This couple week , I 've been very busy .
This past couple of weeks , I 've been very busy .
During the past couple of weeks , I 've been very busy .
These past couple weeks , I 've been very busy .
I have a lot of things to do , so maybe I was tired ? !
I had a lot of things to do , so maybe I was tired ? !
I know It 's not good excuse .
I know It 's not a good excuse .
I know It 's not a good excuse .
I know everybody is busy .
I ' m just stupid : p Haha

I played futsal for the first time in three weeks and scored four goals and did four assists .
I played futsal for the first time in three weeks and scored four goals and ( did ) made four assists .
Actually , I have been goofing off studying these days .
So , I really had a good time for a change .
On the other hand , I had not been getting any exercise for a while .
So , I will be sore all over my body tomorrow .

Tell me the difference between `` mind `` and `` care ``
Those who speak English sometimes say `` I do n't mind . `` and `` I do n't care . ``
I often use them not knowing proper use though , so teach me if you know about it .
Btw , I 'm going to buy a present for gift exchange party on Christmas but do n't know what to buy because the present is n't for someone special .
Btw , I 'm going to buy a present for a gift exchange party on Christmas but I do n't know what to buy because the present is n't for someone special .
What do you recommend ?

I 'm sorry !
I could n't using a computer for a long time .
I could n't use a computer for a long time .
I could n't use a computer for a long time .
So , I could n't send my return message .
So , I could n't return any messages .
So , I could n't send my return messages .
I am sorry for the delay in my response .
I am sorry for the delay in my responses .
And I 'm just feeling a little depressed about Japan .
Also , I 'm just feeling a little depressed about Japan .
I hope Japan will be fine .

English writing
Lang - 8 is a language learning site .
I found it recently .
The site is really good because many people who learn second or third language in there and all of us help each other ; correct our each writing .
The site is really good because there are many people who learn a second or third language there and all of us can help each other correct our writing .
Until recent I had given up writing continuously several times , however the site is like a social community and I can visit there as possible I can .
Until recently , I had given up writing continuously several times . However the site is like a social community and I can visit it as much as I want .
So I could keep writing more frequently .
So I can keep writing more frequently .
As my friend in the site say , I need to read more English writing .
As my friend in the site said , I need to read more English writing .
I tried that before but I could not find any interesting writing in the books from the library .
And the other day I found an interest article in a magazine at a coffee shop .
The article was about a girl who had New Zealand father and Japanese mother .
The article was about a girl who had a New Zealand father and a Japanese mother .
She hate her looking until she was teenager .
She hated her looks until she became a teenager .
But later she found about her beauty herself and became a fashion model .
But later she found out about her beauty and became a fashion model .
I was impressed about her story .
I was impressed by her story .
After that I am thinking magazines are good for reading , but I can not afford to buy new magazines and I do not want to read old magazines from secondhand shops .
I am thinking magazines are good for reading , but I can not afford to buy new magazines and I do not want to read old magazines from secondhand shops .
However I might have to buy new magazine sometimes .
However I might have to buy new magazines sometimes .
Do you know any good English magazine ?

Blow Off Valve
Recently , I have got a Blow Off Valve for car .
Recently , I got a Blow Off Valve for my car .
What is Blow Off Valve ?
It is a tool of turbocharger .
When turbo exhausts comprssed air , it helps to get away air to airatmosphere .
I am using it of HKS campany , it is very beutiful high pitched tone .
But , revolution of engine falls , because it gets away air too much .

I have n't kept a diary for about a month . . . : - (
I 'll do that from now on .
Today , I went to my uni and studied French .
It 's difficult for me , but fun because my French teacher is funny !
After that , I went shopping with my friend .
She lives in Tokyo to go to a uni she selected , so we have n't seen each other for a while .
She lives in Tokyo so she can & nbsp ; go to & nbsp ; the uni she selected , so we have n't seen each other for a while .
But she has n't changed : - )
We talked a lot of things and cracked up : - >
We talked about a lot of things and cracked up : - >
We had a great time ! !
I 'm really looking forward to seeing her again !
Tomorow , I have to take a test . . . omg ! !
There are many things to do , but I think it 's a good thing for me to do many things !

My future
I want to live in Provance in France ( such as Aix - provance , Nice and Marseilles ) and study cooking ( about the traditional France dishes ) in the future .
I like cooking more than anything else , but I 'm wondering deeply if I should go into the way of cooking . . .
I like cooking more than anything else , but I 'm wondering seriously if I should go into the way of cooking . . .
But I heard that becoming a chef is really difficult and competitive .
I think my idea is not realistic .
In addition , I really like cooking , but am not good at cooking very much .
In addition , I really like cooking , but I 'm not very good at cooking .
Could you give me any advice ?
And if you live in France , please give me some information about France . ( In English , please . )
And if you live in France , please give me some information about France . ( In English , please . )
If you have a similar dream , please contact me : D )

How to use `` if ``
Today I made up some sentences using `` if `` .
Could you correct me , if you find any grammatical mistakes ?
If we had a large garden , we could barbecue there .
If we had a large garden , we could have a barbecue there .
If you were absent in the class , you would be yelled at by the teacher .
If you are absent in class , you would get yelled at by the teacher .
If you had left a message on my phone , I would have called you back .
If you left a message on my phone , I would have called you back .
If you look it up on the Internet , you can get more information .
If it rains tomorrow , the game will be called off .
If you pass the next exam , I will give you something .
A : I broke her favorite cup by mistake .
Do n't tell anybody about it .
B : If I were you , I would apologize unreservedly .
A : Why did you ride a bike to her home yesterday ?
A : Why did you ride a bike to her house yesterday ?
It was too far from your house , was n't it ?
It is too far from your house , is n't it ?
B : If I had had a car , I would have gone there by a car .
B : If I had had a car , I would have gone there by the car .
B : If I had a car , I would have driven there .
Thank you . : D

I sold my guitar .
Today I sold my guitar today because I 'm going back to Japan soon and I ca n't afford to take my guitar to Japan .
I sold my guitar today because I 'm going back to Japan soon and I ca n't afford to take it to Japan .
Now , I feel sad .
I bought my guitar 10 months ago and have played everyday before going to bed .
I bought my guitar 10 months ago and have played everyday before going to bed .
My guitar is a cheap Epiphone SG guitar and It 's just not bad enough to play .
However , I played it for a long time and have a strong attachment to it , so I felt sad when I get money from my customer even though I ca n't help losing it .
I think the more you play the instruments , the more the instruments have meaning like a friend , a sidekick or a partner .
I told my sister to play my guitars in Japan constantly because my instruments feel lonely .
I told my sister to constantly play my guitars in Japan because my instruments feel lonely .
There is a fact that your instruments will go bad if you do n't play them for a long time .
It is a fact that your instruments will go bad if you do n't play them for a long time .
that 's because , I think , they feel lonely .
What should I do until I go back to Japan ?
I will clean my guitar in Japan and play my guitar carefully not to damage it and cherish it .

self - introduction
On second thought , I not introduce myslf .
So , today , let me introduce myself .
My name is YoonHye - Kim .
( please call me Yoon . ^ ^ )
I live Inchon is Korea .
I 'm in inhwa girl 's high school in Inchon .
I love TVXQ , koean famous pop group !
I like music , novel , twitter , milk . . . and so forth .
And I hate math , tomato . . . and so forth .
Last , I hope that My English very well , and I made many pleasant
memorys .
Thank you for reading My introduction .

Today is not my day .
I ca n't believe that National Central Library changed my intern time , and they did n't tell me !
I ca n't believe that the National Central Library changed the time for my internship and did n't tell me !
So unfortunately , I have to cancel my part - time job during my summer vacation , and also make me lose at least 8000 NT dollars .
So unfortunately , I will have to cancel my part - time job during my summer vacation , and this will also make me lose at least 8000 NT dollars .
Can I ask for state compensation ? > <

Get FRIENDS !
actually I want to get more language friends here . . .
but I do n't know how to make it .
but I do n't know how to do it .
how do everyone get many friends ?
how does everyone get so many friends ?
if I send message to stranger like `` hello May I be one of your friend ? ``
if I send a message to a stranger like `` Hello , let 's be friends ! ``
I 'm not sure but it 's a little strange , is n't it ?
should I correct someone 's diary then I say `` ummm . . .
I really think we will be good language partner : ) `` ?
I really think we will be good language partners : ) `` ?
I have n't ever approach to people so much .
I have n't approached to people much .
Is this really japanese thinking ?
Is this really Japanese thinking ?

About Words
Looking lang - 8 , there are various people .
Looking at lang - 8 , there are various people .
If I was to learn English , find it hard sometimes .
But I notice Japanese difficult .
But I notice Japanese is difficult .
Hirgana , kanji , katakana . . .
I am Japanese but Japanese language has many confusing .
I am Japanese but Japanese language has many confusing things .

Rainy day ! ! !
It is rainy today .
It was sunny before I went to school ! !
I forgot the umbrella ! !
I forgot my umbrella ! !
Today is bad day ! !
Today is a bad day ! !
The rainy stop . . . . .
Stop raining . . . .
I ate noodles for lunch .
Very good taste ! ! !
They tasted very good !
The taste is Pork .
My favorite taste is pork .
I love the taste of pork .
Now , I have now created a document on a PC ! !
Now , I have created a document on a PC ! !
Tomorrow , I have a meeting in class .
Bothered ! ! !
Bothersome ! ! !
I try hard to be completed soon !
I will try hard finish soon !
When have you traveled somewhere recently ?
When had you traveled somewhere recently ?
I have been to Turkey last summer .
I had been to Turkey last summer .
I went to Cappadocia .
I went to Cappadocia .
Cappadocia is very interesting because there are many characteristic rocks .
Cappadocia is very interesting because there are many characteristic rocks .
One of them is like a camel ( Picture1 is it ) .
One of them is like a camel ( Picture 1 ) .
I scaled rocks and scenery which I saw from the upper part of rocks is so beautiful and amazing .
I scaled some rocks and the scenery which I saw from the upper part of rocks is so beautiful and amazing .
I was impressed with the beauty of nature .
I was impressed with the beauty of nature .

I found a difference of summer between Germany and Japan .
I found a difference in summer between Germany and Japan .
Of course , Japan is more humid compared to Germany .
But , summer in Germany is very quiet !
I mean that there are not cicadas in Germany .
In Japan , we listen the buzzing of cicadas everytime and everywhere .
In Japan , we hear the buzzing of cicadas all the time and everywhere .

It was a humid day all day long and today was the summer solstice .
I love summer better than winter , because I like swimming , watermelon , and firework etc .
I love summer better than winter because I like swimming , watermelon , and fireworks etc .
Suggestion : I love summer better than winter because I like swimming , eatingwatermelons , and watching and / or igniting fireworks
I have to try to save on electricity this year , so I 'm going to buy a Japanese fan .
I have to try to save electricity this year , so I 'm going to buy a Japanese fan .

my very first journal
Hello everyone ! !
I happened to find this place and now I 'm writing my first journal .
Today I have n't got anything nice to write about , so let me simply introduce myself .
I 'm Choo , Japanese , and studying English .
Why I 'm studying English is to communicate with people from other countries and to study jewellery design in Amsterdam ( the Netherlands ) .
Why I 'm studying English is to communicate with people from other countries and to study jewelery design in Amsterdam ( the Netherlands ) .
I 'll keep posting in English and helping others once a day .
Every little helps , yes ?

Low Calorie Cake
I baked a cake unless using eggs and butter last week .
I baked a cake using less eggs and butter last week .
I love sweets ! ! !
I really really like them .
I really , really like them .
But almost sweets are very high calorie .
But almost all sweets are high in calories .
I easily gain weight .
I do n't want to get fat .
But . . .
I want to eat them . . . lol
So I thought out how to bake a cake without much oil , eggs and the other high calories stuff .
So I thought of how to bake a cake without using much oil , eggs and other high calorie stuff .
So I thought about how I could bake a cake without much oil , eggs and other high - calorie stuff .
Ofcourse it should be yummy !
Of course it should be yummy !
I found the recipe last week .
It was easy to bake .
It was light taste and yummy .
It had a light taste and it was yummy .
My mother told me she loved it too .
My mother told me she loved it , too .
I was glad to hear that .
This recipe have became my regular menu !
This recipe has become my regular menu !

The Modern Thai cuisine restaurant
Yesterday , I went to the Modern Thai Cuisine restaurant with my father and sister .
It was spicy but tasty .
It was spicy , but tasty .
Also , We drank some beers which made in Germany .
The price was more expensive than other restaurant , but service was better .
The price was more expensive than other restaurants , but service was better .
We got so full .
There was the music band played nice music .
There was a live band which played nice music .
We had a good time .
I 'd like to go to again .
I 'd like to go to again .
I 'd like to go to that restaurant again .

2nd - anniversary of going out with my girlfriend .
2nd anniversary of going out with my girlfriend .
Today is 2nd - anniversary of going out with my girlfriend .
Today is the / my 2nd / second anniversary of going out with my girlfriend .
We went on a date today .
First , we went to American Village .
First , we went to American Village in Osaka .
She bought me a bottom and two shirts .
She bought me some pants / a bottom and two shirts .
It 's so cool !
They 're so cool !
They are very cool !
Second , we went to Kaiyukan ( This is aquarium in Osaka ) .
Next , we went to Kaiyukan ( an aquarium in Osaka ) .
We looked at many fishes and took many photos .
We looked at lots of / many fish and took lots of / many photos .
I will buy present for her ( because we did n't have time today ) .
I 'm going to buy a present for her ( since / because we did n't have time today ) .
I can be myself when I am with her < 3

Hello everyone ~
I 've got to know here just a few days ago .
I just heard about this site a few days ago .
I do n't know who made this website , but I wanna appreciate him / her .
I do n't know who made this website , but I wanna thank him / her .
It 's very interesting place to get participated in ! : )
It 's a very interesting place to participate in ! : )
right now I 've got nothing to do so I 'm just fooling around . . after a while I will go out and ride my bicycle .
I love riding bicycle !
I love riding bicycles !
I even traveled all over Korea riding bicycle for 20 nights and 21 days . . .

Even if I do it now say about VOCALOID
Do you know Hastune Miku ?
Hastune Miku is a Vocaloid .
She is a computer game character made by SEGA .
SEGA is a Japanese game maker .
We can enjoy Miku to sing songs as we like .
We can enjoy Miku singing songs as like .
There are many Vocaloid fans all over the world now .
In this summer SEGA took Miku out of computer .
They made her sing in front of hundreds people ! !
They made her sing in front of hundreds of people ! !
They figured out an actual size Miku by 3D computer technology , and they projected her on a transparency screen .
Miku took her first concert in Tokyo and America .
Miku had her first concerts in Tokyo and America .
Many Miku fans went to her concert to see an actual size Miku singing and dancing .
I felt deep impression when I saw her concert DVD .
I was deeply impressed when I saw her concert DVD .
Miku seemed REAL ! ! !
She is so cool ! ! !
I sang together her and an audience in DVD ( ^ ^ ;
I sang together with her and an audience on DVD ( ^ ^ ;
Now Japan economy is decreasing .
Now Japan 's economy is declining .
They say Japanese young people do not go out but play games in their room nowadays .
They put the blame on young people for not buying something like a car .
The automobile has been an main engine for Japanese economy for a long time .
The automobile has been a main engine for Japanese economy for a long time .
In 1960 's and 70 's any young people longed a car .
In the 1960 's and 70 's any young people longed for a car .
They worked hard to buy a car , TV , house , washing machine , refrigerator and so on .
I 'm sure those were so cool for 60 's - 70 's young people .
But now , we can not long for a car like them .
For us a car is just a car .
A young people always loves first thing in the world .
I 'm sure Miku 's concert is first thing ! ( ^ ^ ) I 'm very very glad to see Game Character coming to see me out of PC .
I 'm sure Miku 's concert is first thing ! ( ^ ^ ) I 'm very very glad to see a game character coming to see me out of PC .
I grow up with a lot of Manga , Anime .
I love GANDAM , EVA , 999 , GOKUU , SLAM DANK . . . also Laura Ingalls Wilder , Anne , Frodo Baggins , Holmes , Momo .
I have seen a REAL character like them first time in Miku 's concert .
I 'm sure Miku is not useful for anything at all .
Some feels that I 'm funny and Miku is curious .
But I 'm proud that the parents of Miku are Japanese and they tried to make a REAL Miku first in the world !

Business Trip
I went to Yuasa town yesterday for business trip .
I went to Yuasa town yesterday for a business trip .
That town is well know as old soy souse town .
That town is well know as an old soy sauce town .
Soy souse was made about 800 years ago in that town , so there are a lot of old soy souse and soy beans factory there .
Soy sauce was made about 800 years ago in that town so there are a lot of old soy sauce and soy bean factories there .
We bought a fish and squid at fish shop and bring that sasimi to restaurant and ate sasimi , rice and soy soup at restaurant .
We also visited soy souce musium .
We also visited a soy sauce museum .
Actually I work in city hall and work for city center .
We enjoyed there very much and we have to think about our city .

Come back
Hey , I did n't write anything on lang - 8 for a long , long time .
Hey / Hi , I did n't write anything on lang - 8 for a long , long time .
Guess it was because fire in me did burn to the coal and I 've lost my spirit : (
Guess it was because the fire inside me burnt to charcoal and I 've lost my spirit : (
But hey , here I am again and hopefully want to make my profile alive ^ ^
So , in the past two years I 've changed a lot , now I 'm certainly more tolerant , focusing on my studying , but not forgetting about friends : D
So , in the past two years I 've changed a lot , and now I 'm certainly more tolerant , focusing on studying / my studies , but not forgetting about friends . : D
My little ( I mean something like `` silent `` , that 's only in me , is it correct ? ) dream is to go to Australia and see the normal ( usual ? ) life of people living there , kangoos and all that great stuff .
And that 's all for now , bye ^ _ ^

Hello ~ nice to meet you ~
Hello ~ My name is Seung Ryong Heo .
I 'm 34 years old .
And , I 'm korean who live in korea .
And , I 'm a korean living in korea . *
I really really want to study english with another country friends .
I really really want to study english with friends from other countries * *

taking a fresh look at my purpose
The life is full of temptations , especially in which someone study abroad .
Life is full of temptations , especially when someone is studying abroad .
I often would give way to various temptations such as drinking too much , talking with Japanese , club , boys , shopping , and others .
Before I fall into this situation , I always ask myself why I came to Australia .
I do n't have enough time , so I have to study English hard .

a happy night
My friend and I went to eat supper together for celebrate his future .
My friend and I went to eat supper together to celebrate his future .
After we went to Internet to play game .
After we went on the Internet to play games .
the air was very hot in the net cafe .
AT last , we all the way to my friend house , we never and polite and very help ourselfs .
We piay mahjong who lose out the last card to arch mahjong with nose .
Next , we playing card , because the tine so long that we were hungry .
Next , we played cards for such a long time that we became hungry .
I and two men went to buy some food at 3 o ' clock in night .
I and two men went to buy some food at 3 o ' clock at night .
Unfortunately none of one open , we watched a GuiPian called ' The grudge ' and sleeping .
Unfortunately none of them were open so we watched a horror film called ' The grudge ' and then we slept .

under toomuch pressure
under too much pressure
hi ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ friends and teachers in lang - 8 ! !
Of the most hot topic in my class , the pressure we under is talked frequently .
Out of all the topics in my class , the hottest topic , the pressure we are under is discussed frequently .
First of all , let me introduce our studying time table to you .
It is said that students in foreign usually get up at 9 : 00 and then go to school , and it is 3 : 00 when the school is over , right ? ? ? But the situation in our country is the opposite .
It is said that students in foreign countries usually get up at 9 : 00 and then go to school , and it is at 3 : 00 when the school is over , right ? ? ? But the situation in our country is the opposite .
Here is the time table :
get up and go to school : 5 : 45
leave school and have lunch : 11 : 30
go to school after lunch : 14 : 00
leave school for dinner : 17 : 30
go to school after dinner : 19 : 15
leave school and sleep : 21 : 20 ( if you study in grade 3 , the time is 22 : 00 )
Not only the time table is amazing , but the content we learn is a lot .
Not only the time table is amazing , but we learn a lot .
Every term we study Chinese , Math , English , Physics , Chemtry , Biology , History , Politics , Geography , Music , Art , and Physical education , 13 in all .
Every term we study Chinese , Math , English , Physics , Chemistry , Biology , History , Politics , Geography , Music , Art , and Physical education , 13 in all .
That is scarried , do you think so ? ?
That is scary , do n't you think so ? ?
On the other hand , the knowledge we study is also difficult , too .
On the other hand , the curriculum that we study is difficult too .
Now I give a subject for instance , which is the most difficult subject in one of our math test ( I use picture to show it ) :
Now I will give a example for instance , which was the most difficult lesson in one of our math tests ( I use picture to show it ) :

First week have passed in Canada
One week has passed in Canada
I have spent a week in Canada .
But , I feel little difference between Japan and Canada because there are many Japanese students who belong to my same college at university , which I 'm staying .
But I feel a little difference between Japan and Canada because there are many Japanese students who belong to the same college where I 'm staying .
It 's meaningless studying abroad , though I want to practice conversation in English .
It 's meaningless studying abroad , though I want to practice conversations in English .
Then , I am not good at hearing and conversation .
I am not good at listening to English conversations .
I feel stressed when I talk to someone in English , so I am confused .
Does enyone tell me the way to progress with conversation skill ?
Can anyone tell me the way to improve my conversational skills ?

Today is a first day of new term !
Hi everyone .
Today is a first day !
I think a new class will have new students , also me .
I have stayed in Singapore for 9 months .
I am a student , study English for becoming fluently English speaker .
I am a student , study English for becoming fluently English speaker .
But I am disappointed , because I can not speak English well .
My listening comprehension and conversation skills are very bad . . .
But I have studied hard !
I will become bilingual !

My stutent visa has been sent to my house from American embassy this morning .
My student visa was sent to my house from the American embassy this morning .
I 'm feeling easy now getting the visa although I knew there is no problem . . .
I 'm feeling easy now that I have my visa , though I knew there would be no problem . . .
It was first time to go to the American embassy .
It was first time I went to the American embassy .
When I got there , I was so surprised that there are a lot of people wainting outside the embassy .
When I got there , I was so surprised that there was a lot of people waiting outside the embassy .
More than 150 peaple were there .
More than 150 people were there .
Only 6 people per one time can get into the little house next to the gate , and that 's why we had to wait so long .
Because only 6 people at a time can get into the little house next to the gate , we had to wait a long time .
I had been standing for 1 hours .
I stood for an hour .
I was lucky that day was not rainy or sunny . .
Lucky , that day was not raining or sunny . .
it is midsummer now but it was cool in that day .
It is midsummer now , but it was cool that day .
Getting inside the house , The man checked me and my bag with the X - ray mathine .
Upon entering the house , a man checked me , and my bag with an X - ray machine .
To my surprise , I had to left my cellular phone .
I was surprised I had to leave my cellular phone behind .
and then , I finally could get inside the embassy .
I then I could finally get inside the embassy .
It takes more 30 minutes to have done all things inside .
It took more than half an hour to finish inside .
I needed to have an iterveiw and have my fingerprints took , too .
I needed to have an interview , and then have my fingerprints taken .
All funitures of the building was Amerincan style .
The style of all the furnishings in the building were American .
I feel like already being in U .
I felt like I was already in the US
although it is Japan .
It was funny .
It was funny !
Have you ever been to Japanese Embassy in your country ?
Have you ever been to a Japanese Embassy in your country ?
How was it ?
If you have , how was it ?
I guess you do n't have to wait so long . . .
I guess you probably did n't have to wait as long as me . . .

My family
My aunt is so fat ! !
She usually say : `` I 'm so tired ! ! ``
She usually says : `` I 'm so tired ! ! ``
now , my mother is reading English , because she want
Now my mother is reading English because she wants
to go abroad with me when I grow up .
I 'll go abroad when I grow up .
I 'll go to the U .
It must be very interesting .
I 'm only Middle school student .
I 'm only a middle school student .
I can write Chinese calligraphy .
If you want them , please give me your address . ^ ^
I 'll sent it to you soon ! ! ^ ^
I 'll send them to you soon ! ! ^ ^

A bad thing about me .
The other day , I transfered to a college .
I was angry with myself today .
I went to my college and they gave us an orientation about how we were gon na study this year .
The leader of the department that I 'm taking told that most of sophomores including those who transfered to this college might 've gotten over 650 points at TOEIC .
The head of the department that I 'm in told us that most of the sophomores including those who transferred to this college might 've gotten over 650 points in TOEIC .
When I heard him saying that , I found that I flattered myself too much in spite of not having studied hard ! !
And I had thought I was smarter than students who had studied at the college just because I transfered .
I had thought I was smarter than students who had studied at the college just because I transferred .
I found that wrong .
I found that I was wrong .
It is always said that do n't compare youself with others and how hard you have made efforts IS important .
To be honest , I ca n't help but compare myself with others because it 's the easiest way to be proud of myself and get confidence .
I want to change myself .
Actually , I do n't like to compare .
Actually , I do n't like to compare myself with others .
One of the reasons is becasue when you compare yourself with others and if there is someone smarter than you , you get very depressed , like you 're going to die .
One of the reasons is becasue when you compare yourself with others and there is someone smarter than you , you get very depressed , like you 're going to die .
Another reason is that I do n't like people who look down on someone esle , and when there is someone less smart than me , I find myself looking down on him .
Another reason is that I do n't like people who look down on others , and when there is someone less smart than me , I find myself looking down on him .
I hope I can come to like myself completely someday .
Thank you for reading , and I 'm happy if you correct any mistakes .

On behalf of . . .
As I wrote yesterday , I had to write a rough draft of short report on behalf of my elder daughter .
As I wrote yesterday , I had to write a rough draft of short paper on behalf of my elder daughter .
Today , I had to translate her message for the graduation ceremony .
Today , I had to translate her message for her graduation ceremony .
She will be graduated from elementary school soon !
She will be graduating from elementary school soon !
She will graduate from elementary school soon !
The graduation ceremony and party will be held in mid - June .
There are a lot of things to do before the promotion .
She had spent only 3 months in this elementary school , She needed to write some articles ;
She has beeen only three months in this elementary school , but she needed to write some articles ;
* What I will miss most is . . .
* My favorite memory of this school is . . .
* My best field trip is . . .
* I am looking forward to . . .
I was surprised and delighted to know that she could write plenty of sentences in Japanese .
Her new life seemed to be filled with memorable days !
But I am all anxiety now .
But I feel so much anxiety now .
But I 'm worried about a lot of things now .
You know , my English skill is such poor and I do n't have any confidence to my writing at all .
You know , my English is so poor and I do n't have any confidence in my writing at all .
I hope her teacher will correct her writing before it will be used at the ceremony . . .
If there were more time to submit , I would write the sentences here and ask to correct !
If I had more time to submit , I would write the sentences here and ask you to correct !

The Typhoon Is Approaching !
A Typhoon Is Approaching !
A typhoon is slowly on its way to Japan .
A typhoon is slowly coming on its way to Japan .
A typhoon is slowly making its way to Japan .
I 'm planning to travel to Gunma prefecture on September 2nd and 3rd .
I 'm planning to travel to Gunma Prefecture on September 2nd and 3rd ,
So I 'm worried about it .
So I 'm a bit worried .
I 'll go to the hot spa and eat many delicious food such as crabs , steaks , desserts and so on at the hotel .
I 'll go to a hot spa hotel and eat many kinds of delicious food such as crab , steak , desserts and so on .
I 'll visit the hot spa and eat lots of delicious food such as crabs , steaks , desserts and so on at the hotel .
I studied English and about my major much in this summer vacation , so I want to take a rest and enjoy this trip !
I studied English very much during this summer vacation , so I want to take a rest and enjoy this trip ! ? ?
I studied about English and my major a lot during summer vacation , so I want to take a rest and enjoy this trip !
I want to go to as many places as possible !
I want to visit as many places as possible !
Thank you for reading !

I want to speak English well .
But I am not good speaker , I ca n't understand English .
How I should do ?
What should I do ?
I think , First I remember a lots of English words .
First , I should remember lots of English words .
Next I remember a lots of nglish sentence .
Next , I should remember lots of Eglish sentences .

Favorite J - pop music
she is one of my favorite Japanese singer .
she is one of my favorite Japanese singers .
I really like her songs especially a song following URL .
I really like her songs especially this song I put a link to .
She has stopped her activity for her sick and now take a long break .
She has stopped hersingingbecause of her illnessand will now take a long break .
I really want her to be back and relase new songs someday .
I really want her to come back and release new songs someday .
Her song give me energy especially when I feel kind of down .
Her songs give me energy especially when I feel kind of down .
I think everyone have own faviriote song that make you feel better .
I think everyone hastheirown favorite song that makes them better .
I like both Japanese song called J - pop and forieng music .
I like both Japanese songs called J - pop and foreign music .
But Japanese musii is more confortable for me , maybe because it 's easy to understand the meaning of lyrics .
But Japanese music is more comfortable for me , maybe because it 's easy to understand the meaning of lyrics .
Speaking of lyrics in english song , it 's very hard to lisiten and understand compared to converstion . . .
Speaking of lyrics in English songs , it 's very hard to lisiten and understand compared to in aconversation . . .
I do n't know why . . . .
Does anyone feel the same way when you hear song written in your larning language ?
Does anyone feel the same way when you hear songs written in the language you 're learning ?
In the future hopefully my english become good and understand rylics .
In the future hopefully my English will be better and I will be able to understand lyrics .

Difficulties with listening
I have been studing English for eighteen years , starting from the school , continuing at the institute and now - by myself .
I have been studying English for eighteen years , starting from grade school , continuing at the institute , to now - by myself .
But I have no great successes in my studing .
But I have not had much success with my studies .
For example , I can understand very small part of radio and tv brodcasting , dialogs in move pictures .
For example , I can understand only a very small part of radio and tv broadcasts , or dialogs in movie pictures .
It is very hard for me to understand anything when I comunicate with native speakers .

Some quesstions
I am teaching a pupil English .
She is a lovely girl and now in grade6 .
I found something difficult in her homework .
Could someone give me a hand ? Tow sentences , A : `` Do you like the green one ? `` and B : `` What about the blue one ? `` .
Could someone give me a hand ? Two sentences , A : `` Do you like the green one ? `` and B : `` What about the blue one ? `` .
Can I transform A and B 's position in the following article ?
Can I reverse ( or swap ) A and B 's position in the following article ?
What 's the difference from `` do you like `` and `` what about `` ?
What 's the difference between `` do you like `` and `` what about `` ?
Can I help you ?
I want to buy a dress .
Do you like the green one ?
Its beautiful , but too small for me .
It 's beautiful , but too small for me .
What about the blue noe ?
Its a nice dress , I 'll take it .
It 's a nice dress , I 'll take it .
Summer Vacation ? !
its been awhile since I wrote the last one here .
It 's been a while since I wrote my last entry here .
hows life going everyone ?
How 's life going everyone ?
my Summer holiday finally starded from the 5th .
My Summer holiday finally started on the 5th .
im enjoying it : ]
I 'm enjoying it : ]
im going off to Yamanashi Prefecture with my family this Wednesday for our short trip .
I 'm going off to Yamanashi Prefecture with my family this Wednesday for a short trip .
im not that excited about it honestly . . . .
I 'm not that excited about it honestly . . . .
but I have got alot of planned this Summer : D hope its gon na be great Summer Vacation !
But I have got a lot of plans this Summer : D hope it 's going to be a great Summer Vacation !
And , my baby boy is coming back to Japan on the 18th . . . < 3 < 3 < 3
And , my baby boy is coming back to Japan on the 18th . . . < 3 < 3 < 3
I cannnot wait XD I havent seen him for almost 3months .
I cannnot wait XD I have n't seen him for almost 3 months .
idk why but im hungry rightnow .
I do n't know why but I 'm hungry right now .
its 1 : 54am in Japan . . .
It 's 1 : 54am in Japan . . .
I think its just because I ate dinner earlier tonigh .
I think it 's just because I ate dinner earlier tonigh .
I shouldnt have taken a long nap . . . . .
I shouldnt have taken a long nap . . . . .
I cant fall asleep .

My Rehabilitation and My Baby 's Nursery
After one year childcare leave , I finally returned to my work at the end of September .
After a one year childcare leave , I finally returned to my work at the end of September .
For now , my daughter and I are doing OK .
I used to work from 9 am to 8 pm .
But now I am working from 9 am to 4 pm for my one year old daughter .
However , now I am working from 9 am to 4 pm to account for the needs of my one year old daughter .
And she apparently likes her nursery .
She never cries when I drop her off at the nursery .
Since I started to work again , I can not write this lang - 8 journal so often .
Since I started to work again , I can not write Lang - 8 journals so often .
Still I want to continue .
Still , I want to continue .
I 'm keeping this journal for my daughter to be interested in foreign languages in the future .
I 'm keeping this journal in case my daughter becomes interested in foreign languages in the future .
Mother 's journal written in foreign languages is interesting enough to motivate her daughter to learn to read them .
A Mother 's journal written in some foreign languages is interesting enough to motivate her daughter to learn to read them .
Do n't your think so ?
Do n't you think so ?

An anniversary
Today is an anniversary . [ 300days . ; ; ]
My boyfriend and I have falling in love each other , March , last year .
My boyfriend and I have in love with each other since March last year .
So , we went to the very popular restaurant in Lotte hotel .
We went to a very popular restaurant in Lotte hotel to celebrate .
Dinner 's price is 62000won by person ,
The price of dinner was 62000 won per person ,
but we had dinner free of charge .
but we had dinner free of charge
Because , I had two gift ticket that gave from Lotte hotel .
because I had two gift tickets for the Lotte Hotel .
Food is very delicious .
The food was very delicious .
I 'm very full , now .
I 'm very full now .
Lotte hotel lobby is so beautiful .
Lotte Hotel lobby is so beautiful .
Therefore , we took pictures .
He present me , three clothes .
He gave me some clothes as a present .
All of them are cute and pretty .
It was happy day .

practice .
about Sony .
Sony is a famous corporate .
Sony is a famous corporation .
Sony makes TVs and Recorders , and Game devices , and others .
One of most famous Sony 's device is PlayStation .
One of the most famous Sony devices is the PlayStation .
I think they make rich information devices .
I have a SonyReader .
it is very useful device .
it is a very useful device .
Thank you .

Half of 2010 has passed
It is July 2nd today - - that means a half part of this year has passed .
It is July 2nd today - - that means half the year has passed .
How time flies !
This half year was quite busy one for me .
This half year was quite a busy one for me .
My husband got a job in the US and we had to work hard to get visas .
After moving into CA and getting used to the life , I found myself have got pregnant .
After moving into CA and getting used to the life , I found I was pregnant .
What a happy thing it is !
I 'm planning to deliver the baby here .
There are some worries but I 'm also excited .
What will it be like the latter half of 2010 ?
What will the latter half of 2010 be like ?
I hope it would be a good one and I 'd like to meet my baby born just healthy .
I hope it would be a good one and I 'd like to meet my baby born healthily .

New Year dishes
Happy New Year !
I hope I will do my best for study and work .
I hope I can do my best in study and work .
At New Year 's Day , we had New Years dishes `` Osechi `` .
On New Year 's Day , we had a New Year 's dish called `` Osechi `` .
Once it was made by each home .
But now most Japanese buy it at the supermaket and department store .
But now , most Japanese buy it at the supermaket and department store .
But now most Japanese buy it at the supermarket and department store .
Because there once lived so many peoples in a family , and mother and grandmather made much dishes for their children and guests , however , there are many nuclear families in Japan and are few guests .
Because there once lived so many people in a family , the mother and grandmather made many dishes for their children and guests ; however , there are many nuclear families in Japan and are few guests .
Because there once lived so many people in a family , and the mother and grandmother made many dishes for their children and guests , however , ( nowadays ) there are many nuclear families in Japan and guests are few .
`` Osechi `` making is really hard work .
`` Osechi `` - making is really hard work .
I miss the customs are going to lose .
I will miss the customs which we starting to lose .
I miss the custom which we are starting to lose .

Today , my classmates and me will have a picnic behind our school !
And this time is my first picnic in my college !
And this is my first picnic in my college !
I think it must be very interesting !
I think it must be very interesting !
I can make many dishes for my friends .
The happiness on thire face is meaning my good performance .
The happiness on their faces means I did well .
What I pay gives my happiness .
I think it is dream from I 'm a boy !
I think it has been my dream since I was a boy !
Now it comes true .
Now it is coming true .
Wishes all my friends happy !
I wish all my friends happiness !

hi ~ I am 20 years old .
from korea .
I 'm from Korea .
I 'm from Korea .
I am in america for studying english .
I am in America to study English .
I am in America to study english ,
I am in America to studyEnglish .
and on this december I will go back to korea .
And this December , I will go back to Korea .
and this December I will go back to Korea .
and this December I will go back to Korea .
I want to make friends to study english on chatting or msn phone .
I want to make friends to study English through chatting or msn phone .
I want to make friends to study english on chat or msn phone .
I want to make friends to study English with on chatting or on msn phone .
I do n't care korean american what coutry .
so add me on msn .
So add me on msn .
ID : lmjlmj2002

Nice to meet you ! !
I 'm mika3 .
I study English now .
I 'm studying English now .
I am a beginner in English , so I am clumy about writting my thoughts .
I am a beginner at English , so I am bad at writting my thoughts .
I want to make a lot of friends in here .
I want to make a lot of friends here .
Native speakers of English and people that learning English and people that learning other languages , please continue your favor for me .
Thank you for reading here .
Thank you for reading this .

I had a cold
I had a bad cold , I am not very fane , I hope that everyone take good care of themselfs , do n't like me .
I had a bad cold . I am not very fine . I hope that everyone take good care of themself and do n't get cold like me .
The weather is bad , It is wasy to have cold
The weather is bad . It is wast to have a cold .
I thought I should to eat some medisen .
I thought I shouldtake somemedicene .

Tomorrow is Tanabata .
I guess that many of Japanese members of lang8 will write same topic tomorrow .
I think that many of the Japanese members of lang8 will write about the same topic tomorrow .
Because tomorrow is Tanabata as a Japanese traditional day .
Because tomorrow is Tanabata , a traditional Japanese holiday .
Tanabata came from a fairy tail .
Long lon ago , there was a couple of lovers .
Long , long ago , there were a couple of lovers .
However , the lovers could n't see .
However , the lovers could n't see each other .
They could see only a chance a year .
They could only see each other once a year .
The annual day is July 7 .
Due to the story , it is believed that our each wish will be true if we pray one wish on the day .
Due to the story , it is believed that our wishes will come true if we pray one wish on that day .
Now , the fairy tail is concerned with actual stars .
But , July 7 is the end of Japanese rainy season .
So it 's usually rainy or cloudy .
I 'm older , I can not remember some fairy tails better .
I 'm older so I can not remember some fairy tails very well .
it was very hard to write this entry .
It was very hard to write this entry .

Did you know ?
Morning glories do n't bloom because of sunrise .
Morning glories just do n't bloom because of the sunrise .
They are programmed to bloom about at eight hours after sunset .
They are ( genetically ) programmed to bloom about eight hours after sunset .
Rattlesnakes can notice if the temperature rises or falls 0 . 0001 degree .
One day , a thief broke into Picasso 's house .
He drew an abstract painting of the thief , and showed it to the police .
It is not certain whether the criminal was arrested .
Van Gogh could sell only one of his paintings during his lifetime .
The rule of volleyball allows players to head the ball .

I want to be able to play the guitar .
After I entranced into Kyoto University , I tried to play the guitar for some times , but always gave up at once .
After I entered Kyoto University , I tried to play the guitar for some time , but I always gave up immediately .
I am disappointed I am not patient .
I am disappointed that I am not patient .
What is the key not to give up playing the guitar ?
What is the key to not giving up playing the guitar ?
I have a lot of time today .
I have a lot of free time today .
I think I should make good use of time .

First contact
My name is KM .
I just watced TV program about this site .
I saw this site from a TV program .
I know English little or nothing , so I want to learn it .
I know a little English and I want to learn more .
My English is surely very very strange .
But Please correct my English .
Please help me !
Self - introduction
My name is KR .
I 'm native japanese speaker .
My hobby is to draw art and reading comics !
Nice to meet you !
thank you .

Hi , I 'm new here : )
Hello guys , my name is Abdullatif , and I 'm new here .
My first language is Arabic .
I am right now studying English course in
Right now I 'm studying English in
australia , specificly in Melbourne .
and I hope that you can help me by improving my English , and get some new friends here .
and I hope that you can help me by improving my English . I 'd like to make some new friends here .
Best regards : )

Feeling down
I went to shopping with my husband a few days ago .
I went shopping with my husband a few days ago .
After we shopped , we went to bakery to buy next breakfast .
After we shopped , we went to bakery to buy breakfast for the next day .
I paid money for bread and received the change but forgot to bring the bread . . .
I paid money for bread and received the change but I forgot to take the bread . . .
I went to other store of same bakeries today .
I went to another branch of the same bakery today .
I looked the price that I had forgotten the bread of .
I looked at the price that I had forgotten the bread .
Although I had paid $ 2 . 9 , it was $ 1 . 9 !
I had not only forgotten it but also paid too much .
I feel down .

Police of dog
Police dog
I found below article .
I found below an article .
I found the article below .
Chi . . .
Chihuahua ? ? ?

Future : `` will do `` , `` be going to do `` and `` be doing ``
I am going to try to explain English grammar in English to learn English .
( English , English , and English .
Please help to fix up the above sentence . )
Today 's topic is future .
The following sentences are examples .
( Q ) Where are you going to go next holiday ?
( Q ) Where are you going to go for your next holiday ?
( A1 ) I will go to Kyoto next holiday with my wife .
( A1 ) I will go to Kyoto for my next holiday with my wife .
( A2 ) I 'm going to go to Kyoto next holiday with my wife .
( A2 ) I 'm going to go to Kyoto for my next holiday with my wife .
( A3 ) I 'm going to Kyoto next holiday with my wife .
( A3 ) I 'm going to Kyoto for my next holiday with my wife .
( A1 ) means that you 've just decided where to go .
( A2 ) means that you 've decided where to go since some time ago .
( A2 ) means that you decided where to go some time ago .
( A3 ) means that you 've decided where to go since some time ago , and
( A3 ) means that you decided where to go some time ago , and
you have a trip detail .
you have a detail about the trip .
( A3 ) is easy and simple than ( A2 ) , so sometimes we use ( A3 ) instead of ( A2 ) .
( A3 ) is more easy and simple than ( A2 ) , so sometimes we use ( A3 ) instead of ( A2 ) .
Does it make sense ?
Does that make sense ?
Please comment .
It is Golden Week holiday periods in Japan now .
It is the Golden Week holiday period in Japan now .
We have holidays up to 16 days .
We have holidays for up to 16 days .
The work training was finished , so I needed to go back my job was taught math .
The job training has finished , so I have to go back to my routine job , teaching math .
Yesterday , my boss called my phone and told me some work in this day .
Yesterday , my boss called me and gave me some work to do for the next day .
My boss said , he had some business in yesterday , so he needed me to do something .
My boss said , he had some business to do from yesterday , so he needed me to do something .
The classroom jusy only two students ,
There were just only two students in the classroom .
I needed to taught their homework .
I helped them deal with their homework .
The job was very easy for me .
The job was easy for me .
Two students were twins , they were very smart .
The two students are very smart twins .
New - type trousers
New - type Trousers
It 's been very hot around here these days .
It 's been very hot around here these days .
It 's hard to sleep even for a single hour without using air conditioner .
It 's hard to sleep even for a single hour without using an air conditioner .
Last night , I sweated a lot so I put all the clothes around me into wash machine .
Last night , I sweat a lot , so I put all the clothes around me into the washing machine .
I woke up feeling refreshed this morning and found no trousers in my room .
I woke up feeling refreshed this morning and found no trousers in my room .
Everything seemed perfect .
Everything seemed perfect .
I got trousers as cold as water .
I got trousers as cold as water .
I thought that I would be able to concentrate on work for today .
I thought that I would be able to concentrate on work for today .
Please do n't say where I am posting this entry .
Please do n't say where I am posting this entry .
Obviously , the effect of the new - type trousers lasted only two hours .
Obviously , the effect of the new - type trousers lasted only two hours .

Wierd , No indication for end of words ? ! ! !
How are you doing everybody ?
As I said earlier I 'm a beginner in studying Japanese .
Today I had this question in my head and I could n't do anything because of it . I know it 's a stupid question but not knowing the answer bothered me alot .
The question is , `` How do japanese people know the end of every word or every sentence ? `` . when I googled it , this is what I found , `` Notice there are no spaces between words .
You will need to practice reading the same sentences over and over again to get used to where words begin and end without getting confused . `` .
Is this what actually happens in reality ? ! ! because it seems impossible for every single japanese individual to study all the words and sentences that he / she is going to encounter in his life .
This just does n't seem reasonable .
So is this true or there is a better way to tell when a word is completed ?
Please help because it 's driving me nuts !
How are you !
I 'm very happy !
Because it was possible to meet the Lang - 8 .
Thank you for Miyako ^ ^
Thank you Miyako ^ ^
My name is Emi .
I was born in Osaka .
I 'm a university student .
I can understand English a little . . .
I can understand a little bit of English . . .
So I write the English diary in English !
So I 'm practising by writing the diary in English !
Because I want to talk in English ^ ^
Because I want to get better at English ^ ^
I hope to see more of you !

Help me from bunch of potatoes !
Help me with a bunch of potatoes !
I have plenty of potatoes in my pantry .
Do you have any recommended recipes for today 's dinner ?
I 'm dying from thinking about foods every minutes .
I 'm dying from thinking about foods every minute .

Main Street
I 'm reading The Main Street Series by Ann M .
She is famous for writing The Baby - Sitter Club Series which I 've read some of .
I 've read two third of the first book of The Main Street Series .
I 've read two thirds of the first book of The Main Street Series .
It 's tltle is `` Welcome to Camden Falls `` .
I think it 's little bit boring .
I think it 's a little bit boring .
But it has a sign that if I 'll read a little more , it 'll turn out to be interesting . . .
But I have an impression that if I read a little more , it 'll turn out to be interesting . . .

First mail
Nice to meet you .
My name is Take .
I 'm looking forward to go San Francisco again .
I 'm looking forward to going to San Francisco again .
I send an e - mail with a photo file attached .
If you do n't mind , I 'd like to send your member 's photo .
From now , let 's stay in close contact .
And let 's make this workshop both enjoyable and valuable to all of you !
Best regards .

After the Great Adventure
As I wrote in my journal entry yesterday , my 6 years old son was able to get on a train by himself .
I think he had a lot of anxiety on his way to the destination , but he managed to reach it .
My wife and I called him `` The Great Adventurer `` and praised his courage very much .
My wife and I called him `` The Great Adventurer , `` and praised his courage very much .
My wife and I called him `` The Great Adventurer `` and praised his courage .
We think that it will be a good experience for him and will be very helpful for overcoming the difficulties in the future .
After his great adventure , he seemed very confident in himself .
On the other hand , his feelings seemed unstable .
I think a lot of anxiety affected him very much and he did not know how to cope with it .
I think a lot of anxiety affected him very much and he did not know how to cope with it .
I think he had a lot of anxiety that affected him and did not know how to cope with it .
As he stayed up late last night , I told him to go to bed .
When he stayed up late last night , I told him to go to bed ,
Then he suddenly cried out with a lot of tears .
I think there was no particular reason .
I think there was no particular reason .
I think there was no particular reason for this .
I thought he should release his accumulated anxiety at that time .
So I held him softly and let him cry until he was satisfied .
Anyway , it was a very nice day for us .
Anyway , it was a very nice day for us .
I am looking forward to seeing how he will grow up from now on .
I am looking forward to seeing how he will grow up from now on .

I was staying in my room all day today , because I was really ill .
I ca n't believe I caught a cold in christmas season !
I must have got some kind of virus when I went to a town to do my christmas shoping .
I must have got ( ten ) some kind of virus when I went to a town to do my Christmas shopping . See below .
anyway , I 've got to get better by tommorrow as I 'm going to see Edward Scissorhands ( dance performance one ) with my friend !
I 'm really excited about it .
I have seen the film so I 'm quite curious how they adopt the story into a dance performance .
I 'll see how it is going .
I 'll see how goes .
thanks !

www . otlob . com
`` Otlob `` is a delivery - service site adress in Egypt .
`` Otlob `` is a delivery - service site address in Egypt .
Why I did n't use this for two years ?
I really wonder .
Stupid ! !
So I ordered Mushroom & Cheese Fetira ( Egypt Pizza ) using the site with I know about it .
So I ordered Mushroom & Cheese Fetira ( Egypt Pizza ) using the site now that I know about it .
But I should go down the 1st floor because elevator does n't work today so delivery man call me .
But I should go down to the 1st floor because the elevator does n't work today . This way , the delivery man wo n't need to call me .
My house is the 10th floor . ( T .
My house ( room ) is on the 10th floor . ( T .
T ) This is not delivery service .
T ) This is not a delivery service .

Hi there .
It started snowing .
It 's getting colder and colder .
It 's warm yesterday .
It was warm yesterday .
I was slipped by snow before .
I slipped in the snow before .
I have pain in lower back .
I have pain in my lower back .

I just finish my homework
I just finished my homework .
`` Students should be encouraged to realize that mental agility and rhetorical skill must be accompanied by sincerity and the true conviction of their own beliefs . ``
It 's my homework subject .
That 's my homework subject .
I need to use this sentence to write 500 words thesis .
I need to use this sentence to write a 500 word thesis .
It 's really hard for me .
I tried to discuss that there 're other ways to achieve the mental agility and rhetorical skill .
However when I done my homework and read it carefully .
However when I have done my homework and read it carefully ,
I found there still have lot of weakness need to be fix .
I found that there were still many things that needs to be fixed .
I seems still stand far far away from my english learning goal .
I seem to be standing far , far away from my English learning goal .
I cant speak English . T T
I ca n't speak English . T T
I am pun .
They are the fourth graders now .
Im from Hiroshima Prefecture Higashihiroshima City .
I went to study to Pusan in South Korea during about half a year of last year .
Last year , I went to Pusan in South Korea and studied there for a half year .
I can speak to Korean .
I can speak Korean .
However , the more it studies Korean , the more English is forgotten .
However , the more I study Korean , the more I forget English .
My hobby is baseball and a travel .
My hobby is playing baseball and traveling the world .
I am a fan of Hiroshima Carp .
I go to watch a baseball game if there is time .
I go watch a baseball game when I am free .
and like go to trip Japanese famous place and traveling abroad , and I have gone to China last week .
and I like to go on a trip to the famous places in Japan and abroad . And I visited China last week .
I had been to five countries up to now but China was the most interesting country .
I 've visited more than five countries but China has been the most interesting country .
I want to go to not only Asia but also Europe in the future .
I want to visit not only Asia but also Europe in the future .

Medical Checkup for Breast Cancer
Health check for Breast Cancer
Today I got a half day off to have a periodic checkup for cancer .
Today I got a half day off to have a regular checkup for cancer .
I 've kept have it once in every year .
I 've kept having it once in every year .
I do this once a year .
Today I was so tired too long time to wait for my turn .
Today I was so tired ; too long to wait for my turn .
Today I was too tired to wait for my turn for a long time .
But this checkup is really important for us .
But this checkup is very important .
I think Health is the most importamt thing for life .
I think health is the most important thing for life .
Do you have the medical checkup periodically ?
Do you have a regular medical checkup ?
Did you also have a regular medical checkup periodically ?

Dance . . . this is my passion
After some days of rest I 'm recovered from the fever .
After several days of resting , I 've recovered from the fever .
After a few days of rest I 've recovered from my fever .
For celebrate I 've called my friendds and we 've decided to go to dance in a club of Caribbeanses dances ( salsa , merengue , bachata ) .
To celebrate I called my friends and we decided to go to dancing at a club that has Caribbean styles of dancing ( salsa , merengue , bachata ) .
To celebrate I called my friendds and we decided to go to dance in a club of Caribbeanses dances ( salsa , merengue , bachata ) .
When we 've entered every my tought has addressed to music , so after I 've removed the coat quickly I 've begun to trigger me on the track .
As soon as we entered , my every thought was addressed to the music . So after I removed my coat quickly , my body began connecting with the track playing .
When weD ] 've [ / RED ] entered every my tought addressed to music , so after I removed the coat quickly I 've began to tune myself to the track .
When we entered , my every my thought addressed the music ; so after I removed my coat quickly I began to tune myself to the track .
Between all the Caribbeanses dances the one which I prefer it 's the salsa , because it expresses passion , characteristic that is part of me in fact I 'm a scorpion ^ ^ .
Between all the Caribbean dances , the one which I prefer is salsa . That is because it expresses passion , a characteristic that is part of me . In fact I 'm a scorpion ^ ^ .
Out of all the Caribbeanses dances I prefer salsa because it expresses passion , a characteristic that is part of me ; in fact , I 'm a scorpion ^ ^ .
When I listen to this music , in particular Marc Anthony , I become an only thing with the melody and I feel free a lot that every thing around disappear and I feel only the hertbeat of my heart that follows the rhythm of the music .
When I listen to this music , in particular Marc Anthony , I become one with the melody and I feel free . Everything around me disappears and I feel only my heartbeat that follows the rhythm of the music .
When I listen to this music , in particular Marc Anthony , I become one with the melody and I feel really free and every thing around me disappears and I feel only the heartbeat of my heart that follows the rhythm of the music .
When I listen to this music , in particular to Marc Anthony , I be one with the melody and I feel really free , that every thing around me disappears , andthe heartbeat follows the rhythm of the music .
The dance for me is like the air that breath , own the lack of this has rendered me impossible to be firm to bed when I had the fever . . . fortune that now I 'm not more badly ! ^ _ _ ^
Dance to me is like the air that I breath . When I was sick it rendered me impossible to enjoy dancing , but now I am much better ! ^ _ _ ^
Escapes from the club we are stopped in a beautiful bar where we have made breakfast with cornetto and cappuccino and speaking we have seen to be born the sun of the first morning . . . the dawn is a magnificent show !
After we finally escaped from the club , we stopped in a beautiful bar where we had a breakfast of cornetto and cappuccino . So it turns out we saw the sun rise , the birth of a new day . Dawn is a magnificent show !

YUI 's all history - TOKYO -
Today , I will introduce Japan 's popular singer YUI .
First , YUI is from FUKUOKA and age is 22 years .
YUI is from FUKUOKA and she is 22 years old .
When she is 16 years , she was to attend Music coaching school .
When she was 16 years old ( OR : When she was 16 ) , she attended Music coaching school .
There are capable of learning sing or make song or guitar or piano .
After a little time , he 's teacher recommend to accept singer audition .
Then , she was to contract a disease .
But then she became ill .
As she did n't have a little money , she began working at Chine 's food restaurant .
As she did n't have enough money , she began to work in a Chinese restaurant .
She 's daily began to busy . ( audition and hospital and task )
Her everyday life became very busy ( auditions , hospital and work ) .
At last , one of audition passed her .
Finally , she passed one of her auditions .
She was to be elected in 20000 peole .
She was chosen among 20000 participants .

A Little Hestitation and Nervous
A Little Hesitation and Nervousness
A Little Hesitant and Nervous
I am so busy these days .
I am very busy these days .
My group 's leader asked me prepare race speech and a show of accomplishments becasue have a vacant position for a secretary of youth league committee in the group .
My group 's leader asked me to prepare a race speech and a show of accomplishments because we have a vacant position for secretary of the youth league committee in the group .
I just have a little hesitation and nervous .
I just have a little hesitation and nervousness about this .
I have a little hesitation and nervousness about this .
May be I should to take things coolly .
Maybe I should to take things coolly .

Baby tomato
This picture is of baby tomato in my kitchen garden .
This picture is of a baby tomato in my kitchen garden .
I grew some plants of tomato , eggplant and green pepper in April .
I planted some tomatoes , eggplants and green peppers in April .
It was uncertainly weather in this spring , and I worried whether their plants grow up well .
I was uncertain about the weather this spring , and I worried about whether they would grow up well .
Fortunately , some plants of tomato have many fruits .
Fortunately , some of the tomato plants have many fruits .
I 'm looking forward to eating them .

Today is very good day ! ! !
Today is ( a ) very good day ! ! !
I go to art school lesson trial in morning .
I ( am ) go ( ing ) to ( an ) art school lesson trial in ( the ) morning . .
In order to taking an examination in College of Arts .
In order to take an examination in College of Arts .
I must become skillful drawing rough sketch so examination ! !
I must become skillful drawing rough sketch ( for the ) examination ! !
Next I go to KARAOKE with a friend in afternoon .
Next I ( will ) go to KARAOKE with a friend in ( the ) afternoon .
I sing a lot of songs ! !
I ( will ) sing a lot of songs ! !
It 's exiting ! !
It 's exciting ! !

Hero and Heroine !
He and She in the above picture are hero and heroine of a manga which I am making !
The manga is love story of 16P .
The manga is love story of 16 pages .
I just started to make it yesterday .
I just started to draw it yesterday .
When I complet it , I will contribute it to a comic magazine !

What 's a bad day !
What a bad day !
Today was a bad , bad day !
The weather was extremely cold in here .
Needless to say and no selection for me , I had to wear a lot of clothes and make my effort to keep my body warm before I went to school .
Needless to say , I had to wear a lot of clothes and make effort to keep my body warm before I went to school .
Yes , I had act a snowman today . . .
Yes , I was like a snowman today . . .
Actually , I did n't know and understand that why my school could n't provide the warm water to all of the students after they had finish their physiologically need .
Actually , I do n't understand why my school could n't provide warm water to all of the students after they had finished their physiologically need .
Say it easily , it means that after you have pissed .
Imagine that you have just finished pissing , when you are going to wash and clean your hands , you have to let the COLD water run through your hands .
Imagine that you have just finished pissing . When you are going to wash your hands , you have to let the COLD water run through your hands .
What 's the ' great ' feeling that is !
What a ' great ' feeling that is !
Also , while going back to the classroom , I must bring my WET hands to challenge the nature during the ' journey ' .
The wind blowed my WET hands and I could feel my hands were shaking .
The wind was blowing against my WET hands and I could feel my hands shaking .
Whatever , I know that I have to challenge the nature again tomorrow , even if I do n't want to face it .
I know that I have to challenge nature again tomorrow , even if I do n't want to face it .

Being a normal Chilean .
Every time I met a foreigner interested on learning spanish and also interested on lerning the language on a spanish speaking vountry their natural choice was Spain .
Every time I meet a foreigner interested in learning Spanish and also interested in learning the language in a spanish speaking country , their natural choice was Spain .
and I started wondering why .
And I started wondering why .
It might be that spain is closer to them because in Europe all countries are kind of together , or the currency .
It might be that Spain is closer to them because in Europe all of the countries are kind of together , or because of the currency .
but then again , south america is far , I know , but by plane is what 1315 hours away from europe ?
But then again , South America is far , I know , but by plane is what 1315 hours away from Europe ?
then it is not that far anyway .
Plain ticket , much more expensive . . .
Plane ticket , much more expensive . . .
but wait , living here is much cheaper , hotels , food , clothes , everything is way cheaper .
then what .
Then what ?
maybe because it is a dangerous place . in fact not all south america is ruled by narcos and guerrillas . there are so many places here that are safer than some countries .
South america is beautiful , I did n't understand that really but until a few days ago . chile , my country , does n't really have a culture of its own .
many things we appreciate being ours are actually the heritage of Spanish , German , or holland emigrants .
many things we appreciate being ours are actually the heritage of Spanish , German , or Dutch immigrants .
but this mix of cultures together with the effect of time over our population make us a country rich on art and architecture .
but this mix of cultures together with the effect of time over our population make us a country rich in art and architecture .
I 've always felt like a foreinger among my people , and I guess that is why I like to observe them so much , so many simple things make us what we are , chilean and south americans .
Please if you are planning to visit a spanish speaking country , dont loose the chance of droping here or inany other neighbor country .
Please if you are planning to visit a spanish speaking country , dont loose the chance of dropping in here or in any other neighboring country .

WE MUST THINK WHAT WE CAN DO
WE MUST THINK ABOUT WHAT WE CAN DO
NZ had a big earthquake .
Japan had a big big earthquake too today .
Japan had a big big earthquake today too .
We collected about 200000yen , maybe 1600000NZdallors for NZ .
We collected about 200000yen , maybe 1600000NZ dollars for NZ .
Now what can I do for peaple in MIYAGI ? ?
Now what can I do for people in MIYAGI ? ?
Now what can I do for people in MIYAGI ? ?
The earthquake in this time was M 8 . 8 , and the earthquake MIYAGI had registered 7 on the Japanese scale .
The earthquake this time was M 8 . 8 , and the earthquake MIYAGI had was registered 7 on the Japanese scale .
We must something ! ! ! !
We must do something ! ! ! !
We must do something ! ! ! !

Today the weather is good , the sun is beautiful and hot .
I like to be in beach .

Irish breakfast
Today , I made `` Irish breakfast `` for my lunch .
Today , I made an `` Irish breakfast `` for lunch .
It 's too heavy for me to eat all in morning , so I often do in evening .
It 's too heavy for me to eat all of it in morning , so I often do in evening .
I like this so much , but I feel that Irish bacon and black ( white ) pudding are slight salty for Japanese , so I eat bacon and bread together .
I like this meal so much , but I feel that Irish bacon and black ( white ) pudding are a bit salty for Japanese people , so I eat the bacon and bread together .
Thats much better .
there were no beans in my fridge , so I dished up carrot salad and olive with bacon , fried egg , sausage , pudding .
oh , I forgot fried tomato too .
oh , I almost forgot that there were fried tomatos too .
Tomorrow , Im going to make Japanese potato pancake ( imo mochi ) .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to make a Japanese potato pancake ( imo mochi ) .
Its like a ricecake and made by potato , tapioca flour , cheese , mayonese .
Its like a ricecake and is made of potato , tapioca flour , cheese , mayonnaise .
I have to use the rest of cheese , otherwise it will get mould .
I have to use the rest of cheese ; otherwise , it will get moldy .

I had an exam
It was not soo bad .
Meet the finlandish friend at night .
Met a finlandish friend at night .
my English skill disturb conversation again .
my English skill disturbed the conversation once again .
I really want to improve English skill .
How to improve ?

What inspires me . . .
Who inspires me . . .
He 's very charismatic .
He shuffles his feet when walking , noisily drinking water .
Shining bald as a billiard ball head .
( He has a ) Shining bald head like a billiard ball .
He has a slight accent .
In conversation , he looks into the eyes of the interlocutor .
He confidently said that I was doing everything he says and I believe him .
I believe that everything will turn out .
I believe that everything will turn out ( right / good ) .
He was genuinely interested in other people .
He is genuinely interested in other people .
He is well educated .
His vocabulary is pleasantly surprising .
He 's a real dandy .
I do with it interesting .
It 's all about Him , about my Japanese teacher . . .
It 's all about Him , my Japanese teacher . . .

Any tip for . . .
Today , I 'm writing about one story in a Jhumpa Lahiri 's book which keeps me thinking about relationships . ( yes , I know .
No answers on this kind of subject )
Here is the summery of the story .
Here is the summary of the story .
There is this young Indian woman who has an arranged marriage with a several - year older Indian man and they move to the U .
There is this young Indian woman who has an arranged marriage with a several - years older Indian man and they move to the U .
S for his business reason .
She gives a birth to a daughter in the new circumstance and one day , she meets this young , friendly , and attractive Indian guy in a park who came to the U .
She gives a birth to a daughter in the new circumstances and one day , she meets this young , friendly , and attractive Indian guy in a park who came to the U .
S . to study at a prestigious university .
They get along well right away as they are close in age and also have a lot of interests in common .
Before long , It becomes habitual that the poor , hungry young student from India visits her house and gets to eat authentic Indian food and his visits become a part of her dairy life that she looks forward to .
Ten - something years later , she hears the news that the Indian guy left his wife for another married woman despite of the fact that he was very successful at work and they were having a good family life . . .
Of course , there are much more factors in the story like the relationship between the Indian woman and her husband , that between her and her daughter ( actually , her daughter is this story teller and the whole story is described by her point of view ) , her daughter 's dilemma as an Indian American girl who has two different backgrounds and so on .
It is enjoyable to read .
If you have the kind of double backgrounds , you might wanna try it : )
Getting back to where I was , I 'd like to ask you one question to conclude my scattered thoughts on this story .
`` Is there any tip to find a monogamous partner ? `` LOL

I have a difficulty
I have a problem
I am studying of English words for getting high score on TOEFL test .
I am studying English words in order to get a high score on the TOEFL test .
But I am having a trouble .
But I am having trouble .
It is that I found it difficult for me to understand the scientific words .
It is difficult for me to understand the scientific words .
Because their meaning are difficult if I translate their words from English into Japanese .
Because their meanings are difficult if I translate the words from English into Japanese .
For example , `` Coriolis effect `` , `` spectrum `` and etc .
For example , `` Coriolis effect `` , `` spectrum `` , etc .
I do n't remember these words quite .
I ca n't quite remember these words .
But I will , want to graduate from American university , so I will study hard ! ! !
But I want to graduate from an American university , so I will study hard ! ! !
Thank you for reading .

yuri and the chocolate factory
My friend and I visited Morinaga company , and joined in factory - tour .
My friend and I visited the Morinaga company , and joined the in factory - tour .
It was really interesting !
We saw lots of fresh - made chocolates such as `` Koeda `` or `` Dars `` .
It made me happy so I 'm a chocoholic .
It made me happy because I 'm a chocoholic .
At end of the tour , a guide gave us `` Hi - chew `` , candy .
At end of the tour , the guide gave us `` Hi - chew `` , candy .

Development for android platform
On June 9 , I joined to Google Develper 's Day .
On June 9 , I joined to Google Developer 's Day .
At the event , Google gave me a Google phone - mobile phone with Android .
At the event , Google gave me a Google phone with Android .
Android is a platform for mobile phone which the company is developing .
At this summer , the phone is coming to Japan !
In advence it , Google distributed it ! !
It facisnated me and I began to develop software for the platform .
It fascinated me and I began to develop software for the platform .
I installed eclipse , which is the development environment for Java , and Android Development Toolkit ( ADT ) which is a plugin to make it easy to development on it .
I installed eclipse , which is the development environment for Java , and Android Development Toolkit ( ADT ) , which is a plugin to make it easy to develope for it .
But ADT seems to be broken on Mac OS X , and I google it , I found below mail :
`` Please erase a file and readd it , it seems work well . ``
Hmm , and I tried it , I succeeded it .
Below picture is its snapshot .
The below picture is a snapshot .

Preparing Zonbi Walk part2 .
Preparing for Zombi Walk part2 .
I went to Chibi Canada to prepare zonbi Walk .
I went to Chibi Canada to prepare for the Zombi Walk .
I went to Chibi Canada to prepare for the zombi Walk .
I practiced making zonbi face .
I practiced making a Zombi face .
I practiced making a zombi face .
Please see these pitctures .
Please look at these pictures .
What do you think .
What do you think ?
I think I 'm good at mimicing zonbi .
I think I 'm a good menacing Zombi .
I think I 'm good at mimicking zombies .
By the way .
By the way ,
I do n't rid of jet lag .
I ca n't rid myself of jet lag .
Do you know how to rid of it .
Do you know how to get rid of it .
Please tell you . . . . ! ! !
Please tell me . . . . ! ! !

What a wonderful world ! !
I 've been thinking about writing blog in English , but I was n't sure how I could start it .
I 've been thinking about writing a blog in English , but I was n't sure how I could start it .
Today when I was net - surfing for blogs in English , I happened to find this site .
Today , when I was net - surfing for blogs in English , I happened to find this site .
It 's sooooooo simple and easy !
What an awesome world we are living in !
It 's so wonderful that now we can improve our language skills for free based on people 's good will ! !
I majored in sociology at Sophia university in japan since I 'm interested in what affects people 's decisions whether to do something or not .
I majored in sociology at Sophia University in Japan since I 'm interested in what affects people 's decisions to do something or not .
After graduation I worked for a trading company and was hoping to study abroad .
Unfortunately , I have n't achieved that yet , but now I 've chosen English education for my career and I 'm enjoying my work teaching students .
Unfortunately , I have n't achieved that yet , but now I 've chosen English education as my career and I enjoy my work teaching students .
I 've enjoyed learning English since my childhood and my goal in my youth was to live abroad .
It was not only out of curiosity but also because I did n't feel that I fitted in my surroundings well .
It was not only out of curiosity , but also because I did n't feel that I fitted in my surroundings well .
I thought that if japan was not the best place to live in , just try another one .
I thought that if Japan was not the best place to live in , just try another one .
I thought there might be nicer places to live in .
I think it 's a good angle to see the world around you .
You can choose where you live , you have choices - that makes you feel easy when you find yourself unfitted in your circumstance .
You can choose where you live . You have choices - that makes you feel at ease when you find yourself unfitted to your circumstance .
If you can speak english , you can live almost everywhere .
If you can speak English , you can live almost everywhere .
So , I worked hard to learn English .
I 'm also interested in analyzing the types of societies .
I 'm also interested in analyzing types of societies .
Individual lives are definitely influenced socially , historically , and culturally .
I want to think about what type of a society japan is through my everyday experiences , and express my views on the Japanese society .
I want to think about what type of a society Japan is through my everyday experiences , and express my views on the Japanese society .
I wish to get feedback from people who visit my blog from overseas and exchange opinions about japan and your country .
I wish to get feedback from people who visit my blog from overseas and exchange opinions about Japan and other countries .
Looking forward to hear from you !

Yesterday , I cut my finger with a kitchen knife .
It was still very sharp because I had used it only for two weeks since I had moved to my current apartment .
When I cut my finger , a lot of blood ran out .
When I cut my finger , a lot of blood ran out . ( 1 )
At that time , I was washing the dishes , and the sink became totaly red .
At that time , I was washing the dishes , and the sink became completely red . ( 2 )
I was surprised , and rashed into the bath room to wash my hand .
I was surprised , and rushed into the bath room to wash my hand .
A few minutes later , my finger stopped bleeding .
I applied a Band - Aid , seeing the sink looking as if a scene of murder .
I applied a Band - Aid , and saw the sink looking as if it was the scene of a murder .

about my family and hometown
Today , I will write an assumption answer and question which would be on the exam of IELTS .
( E : examiner , M : me )
( E : examiner , M : me )
E : How many people are in your family ?
M : There are five including me .
E : Do you live all together ?
M : Yes I do .
M : Yes we do .
I live with my wife , two sons and my mother .
My wife , my two sons , my mother and I live together .
In addition , I have also a brother and a sister who live in the other place .
My father has passed away .
E : How often do you all get together ?
M : We get together only once a year at my home .
M : We all get together only once a year at my home .
But my sister 's family come once a month .
E : Where is your hometown ?
M : My hometown is Yokohama .
It is in Kanagawa which is next to Tokyo .
E : Is it famous for anything ?
M : There are a lot of famous spots .
M : Yes , there are a lot of famous spots .
One of the most famous spot in Yokohama is chinatown .
E : What are the interesting places to visit in your hometown ?
E : What interesting places are there to visit in your hometown ?
M : It is the Yokohama port .
The Queen Elizabeth 2 anchors there .
E : Would you prefer to live in another place in Japan ?
M : I would like to live in Hokkaido .
It resembles the New Zealand .
It resembles New Zealand .
Thanks ,

As if the big blue moon speaks me . . .
As if the big blue moon speaks to me . . .
The moonlight bustled my mind .
Maybe I should challenge difficulties .
I always chose stable way . . .
I always chose a stable way . . .
I always be afraid failure . . .
I 'm always afraid of failure . . .
I always run away from problems . . .
I always avoid true my feelings . . .
I always avoid my true feelings . . .
And probably I distress myself about my attitude .
And probably , I distress myself because of this attitude of mine .
I am pondering if this is acceptable .
The moonlight ask me to make life for yourself .
The moonlight asked me to make a life for myself .
I wonder how many times should I see the moon to make a step toward . . .
I wonder how many more times should I see the moon for me to finally take a step forward . . .
I will think about it under a full moon .
This is tonight . . .
Which is tonight . . .

I feel very sleepy today of all days .
I just slept 5 hours yesterday because of church things .
I only slept 5 hours yesterday because of church .
So I got up at 5 : 00a . m .
and went to the church .
and went to church .
My first class was microeconomics .
Today of all days ,
the prefessor 's dull voice sounded like a cradle song .
So I dozed
in that class . .
Hmm I borrowed 2 books for sister whom I know .
Hmm I borrowed 2 books for one of the sisters whom I know . A nun ?
Marie , Can you
remember the sister whom I told to you ?
remember the sister who I told you about ?
the preetiest sister whom
The prettiest sister who
I have ever known .
( damn , I do n't know how I express . )
( damn , I do n't know how to express it . )
2 weeks later , there will be exam awaiting me .
2 weeks later , there will be an exam awaiting me .
I decided my mind
I made up my mind
to study from today , but I did n't study as I planned . . . .
To do everything in my plan today , I should stay all night . . . . .
That 's all for today .
A Tiger Mask
Is this Spanish ?
This was a Japanese popular anime .
This was a popular Japanese anime .
The hero who was orphaned minor become a masked wrestler `` Tiger mask `` .
It is in the news , in Japan , that a man who name a tiger mask make a contribution for children 's institution .
It was in the news in Japan , that a man who called himself `` Tiger Mask `` made a contribution to an Orphanage .

Spare time
Today I had the plenty of time in the afternoon so I took walk aroung my hometown .
Today I had plenty of time in the afternoon so I took a walk around my hometown .
At first I went return DVDs which I rent a few days ago .
At first I went to return DVDs which I rent a few days ago .
And then I went to a book store which sold the second - hand books .
And then I went to a book store which sold second - hand books .
After that I went to the high school which I graduated to watch American Football .
In fact when I was a high school student , I belonged to American Football club .
In fact when I was a high school student , I belonged to the American Football club .
And also I played it for 3years .
I used to a representative American Footballer of my prefeture . . . .
I used to be a representative American Footballer of my prefeture . . . .
It 's ir really true ! !
It 's really true ! !
It was long long time ago though . . . .
I said hello to my teacher who always took care of me there .
He has n't been changed at all .
He has n't changed at all .
He is totaly the same as before
When I was about to go home , it 's going to be rain . . . .
When I was about to go home , it 's going to rain . . . .
Soon after I arrived at my home ,
It has been raining . .
When is rain going to let off ? ? ? ?
I do n't like raining . . . . .
I feel ache and itch on my arm and face skin . . .
Because I got sunburned before it started raining . . .
I shoukd avoid to taking a bath . . .
I should avoid to take a bath . . .
I should use shower ! ! !

Humid Weather
It seems to be humid weather today .
The weather seems to be humid today .
Such a weather is no good for me , because I use the bike to commute .
Such weather is not good for me , because I use a bike to commute .
I will sweat .

nothing I have done , but I am happy
I have done nothing , but I am happy .
Today is Sunday , and I just did what should be done on Sunday , I rested , watched a movie , went to facebook .
There I found a link , yes , it was lang - 8 , a very interesting place .
Now I have got a content , maybe I could make some friends here , what 's more important is I can improve my English .
I want to learn Japanese after my graduation , for I love ACG very much .
And when I can speak Japanese I want to join a group that translates Japanese ACG to Chinese .
Then I should be very happy when I see others watch a cartoon translated by my co - workers and me .
Thank the ones who will help me to improve my English and Japanese in advance .
It will be grate if I make friends with English amd Japanese speakers .
It will be great if I make friends with English and Japanese speakers .
Good night ~

Explaining to Oneself
We often talk to ourselves in our mind .
And the content affects and changes us .
This flow sometimes leads to a vicious cycle .
For example , let 's say you can not get any idea to write in your entry on Lang - 8 .
For example , let 's say you can not get any idea ( of what ) to write in your entry on Lang - 8 .
For example , let 's say you can not get any ideas to write about in your entry on Lang - 8 .
4
You talk to yourself , `` ah , I can write nothing on Lang - 8 today . `` And the explain of that you can write nothing affects you .
You talk to yourself , `` ah , I can write nothing on Lang - 8 today . `` And the explanation of that you can write nothing affects you .
You start to talk to yourself , `` ah , I can write nothing on Lang - 8 today . `` And the explanation to yourself that you can not write anything affects you .
You say to yourself , `` ah , I can write nothing on Lang - 8 today . `` And the assertion that you can write nothing affects you .
You say to yourself , `` ah , I ca n't write anything on Lang - 8 today , `` and that explanation / assertion affects you .
Something to write might occur to you if you kept on thinking for a while , but you become not to get any idea to write really due to your explaining , `` I can not `` .
Something to write about might occur to you if you kept on thinking for a while , but you become unable to get any ideas of what to write really due to your explanation of , `` I can not `` .
If you observe yourself , you may find how you are affected by what you talk to yourself in everyday life .
If you observe yourself , you may find how you are affected by what you talk about to yourself in everyday life .
If you observe yourself , you may find how you are affected by what you talk to yourself about in everyday life .
We are affected by ourselves .
And I wrote this entry because I could not get any idea to write ; p .

being an english teacher
Being an English Teacher
Being an english teacher
I 'm talking with two people on skype right now !
One is David from England and one is Chinese .
One of who is David from England and the other person is Chinese .
They are nice people and I like them .
We are talking about how to speak English .
Of course , David is the teacher .
David is the teacher .
He 's helping that Chinese woman with her English because her English is not that good .
He 's helping a Chinese woman with her English .
She needs to improve it , she says .
She said that she needs to improve .
I suddenly realize that English is so important !
I learn English not because it 's used everywhere but I like it .
I learn English not because it 's used everywhere but because I like it .
I 'm also trying to learn some Spanish and Italian and German lol .
I like language learning .
I like learning different languages .
I 'm interesting in learning new things and I like to meet new people here . haha
This is my second diary on this page .
I think I will write more if I have time and am in the right mood lol .
I think I will write more if I have time and when I am in a good mood lol .
I will try .
See you later .
I 'm going to bed soon .
Have a good day !

Last day in February
Last day of February
Today is the last day in February this year .
Today is the last day of February .
What do you think ?
What do you think ?
We had already two months gone .
We 've already had two months of this year gone .
Time flies .
I ' d like to lose some weight till summer ! ! ! ! !
Do someone know good ways for me ?
Does anyone know of any good ways for me to lose weight ?

Can not go to . . .
I planned to go to Grand Canyon on the way to Japan this July .
I planned to stop off at the Grand Canyon on the way back to Japan this July .
But There are no available seats in the airplanes by which I can go to sightseeing around Las Vegas .
But there were no available seats on flights which would allow me to go to sightseeing around Las Vegas .
So I just transit at Las Vegas . . .
So I just transfer at Las Vegas . . .
I will go to Grand Canyon some day !

About a Separation
I could n't attend my last English conversation class .
I will move to a new place so I quit English conversation school at the end of this month .
I will move to a new place so I quit my English conversation school at the end of this month .
I shall move to a new place so I shall quit English conversation school at the end of this month .
My last class was this Monday though , I had to go to my daughter 's cram school at that time .
My last class was this Monday , but I had to go to my daughter 's cram school
My last lesson was this Monday but I had to go to my daughter 's cram school .
I like my English teacher , Sean , and I sometimes wrote about him here .
I like my English teacher , Sean , and I wrote about him here sometimes
His teaching style is so unique that I loved the way .
His teaching style is so unique , and I loved the way
He always encouraged me and spoke to me after classes .
he always encouraged me and spoke to me after class .
We enjoyed chatting in couple minutes .
We enjoyed chatting in those few minutes .
In the conversation one day he told me that I 'm his favorite student .
When I listened to that , I was very happy .
When I heard that , I was very happy .
I miss that I could n't attend the last class very much .
I am very sad that I could n't attend the last class
I wanted to express my thanks feelings , and I also wanted to say good bye .
I wanted to express my thanks , and I also wanted to say good bye .
If I know his e - mail address , I can contact with him though . . .
If I know his e - mail address , I will be able to contact him though . . .
After I married , I 've repeated moving because of my husband 's business .
After I got married , I 've moved repeatedly because of my husband 's business .
This is seven times .
This is the seventh time .
People told me that I 'm lucky because I can live many places , and I can have the experience which people ca n't .
People tell me that I 'm lucky because I can live in many places , and I can have experiences which other people ca n't .
Of course , it is true but I 'm not an easy going person like that my friends think .
Of course , that 's true , but I 'm not the easy going person that my friends think I am .
Moving sometimes works minus .
Moving sometimes works against me .
Sean and I could maintain good relationships if I did n't move .
Sean and I could maintain a good relationship if I did n't move .
I always have to cut good relationships by myself even if I do n't want to do that .
I always have to cut off good relationships by myself , even if I do n't want to
In this case , I cut two good relationships by myself .
In this case , I cut off two good relationships by myself .
One is my oil painting teacher , and the other is my English teacher .
One was my oil painting teacher , and the other was my English teacher .
I 've never returned back to here so I never meet them from now on .
I 'll never return here so I 'll never meet them again
I know that after painful separation , I will have good meeting .
I know that after painful a separation , I have other chances to meet good people .
Therefore , I will be optimistic , and I want to expect good meeting in a new place .
Therefore , I will be optimistic , and I will anticipate meeting new people in a new place .

Lonely days
Few last days have been strange .
The last few days have been strange .
The last few days have been strange .
Since I 've came back home , I 'm feeling very lonely .
Since I came back home , I have been feeling very lonely .
Since I 've come back home , I 've been feeling very lonely .
My mother and brother are in Italy , my father 's recently working almost whole day out of town and I can see him only for a while every day .
My mother and brother are in Italy , and my father 's recently working almost the whole day out of town and I can only see him for a while every day .
My mother and brother are in Italy , and lately my father 's been working almost the whole day out of town and I can only see him for a little while every day .
Friends I 'd like to see are all out of town too .
The friends I 'd like to see are all out of town too .
At first I thought it will be great to have so much time only for myself and my hobbies , but I gradually found out it 's not that easy .
At first I thought it would be great to have so much time only for myself and my hobbies , but I gradually found out it 's not that easy .
Since I have so much time , I do things I 'd never expect myself to do at the beginning of summer holiday .
Since I have so much time , I do things I never would have expected myself to do at the beginning of summer holiday .
Since I have so much time , I 'm doing things I never expected myself to do at the beginning of summer holiday .
For example yesterday I read study about the space elevator project ( I have no idea why , but I found out I feel an aversion for it . . . ) and now I 'm trying to understand the superstring theory .
And I absolutely do n't know why am I doing such a thing , because I 've never been interested in it .
And I really do n't know why I am trying because I 've never been interested in it .
I simply must keep reading .
Tomorrow I 'm having a Japanese lesson after a long time .
Tomorrow I 'm having my first Japanese lesson in a long time .
I 'm very happy about it , also because my teacher is a very good friend .
I 'm very happy about it , especially because my teacher is a very good friend .
I 'm looking forward to long unnecessary chatting again ^ _ ^

Image the story
The English class that I took yesterday was very interesting .
First we saw the 8 pictures and guessed what this story is about .
First we saw 8 pictures and guessed what the story was about .
And then we read this article .
And then , we read a ( this ) article .
After we learned this content , we retell the story using own words .
What story do you image from these pictures ?
What story do you picture from these images ?

Two months !
Time goes by so fast .
Two months has passed since I came here .
Two months have passed since I came here .
I am really learning a lot , but I sometimes wish the classes would be a bit more difficult so that I could learn more .
I am really learning a lot , but I sometimes wish the classes were a bit more difficult so I could learn more .
Also I do n't have many assignments , so I am still enjoying my free time , which is good , though .
Today , I jammed with a british person in his house because his band lost the guitarist , so he was looking for one .
Today , I jammed with a British person at his house because his band lost their guitarist , so he was looking for one .
I hope I can join them and balance everything I need to do here .
I sometimes go to pubs just to drink couple of beers .
I was surprised how people here make friends .
I was surprised at how people here make friends .
People go to the same pub always , so they become friends automatically .
Actually , this kind of thing happens in Japanese bars , but it seems more natural and common here .
The interesting thing is , the more you go to the same pub , the cheaper the drink you order becomes .
I paid three pounds for one beer at first , but now I just pay about two pounds : )
Next month , I have nine days vacation .
Next month , I have nine days of vacation .
I am planning to go to Canada and the USA .
I hope I can manage it on my budget : )

New Year Tragedy . . . .
Noooo OMG . . . . .
I failed to get a Working Holiday Visa of UK . . .
I failed to get a Working Holiday Visa for the UK . . .
I could n't get an appointment which is for submitting the document to the visa center .
It was limited to 1000 people and filled up so quickly .
It means that I can not work there and will have to go back Japan only 6 months because of a circumstance of my money , if I had gotten the appointment I could stay up to 2 years . . . .
It means that I can not work there and will have to go back to Japan in just 6 months because of a circumstance with my money . If I had gotten the appointment I could 've stayed up to 2 years . . . .
It 's so tragedy for me .
It 's so tragic for me .
I 'm feeling so blue despite in New Year . . . .
I 'm feeling so blue despite it being New Year 's . . . .
awwwwwww

My name is Huu .
I am studying English in OKINAWA university .
I 'm a student !
Recentry , I finished training in middle school .
I have a dream I will be a teacher .
I have a dream of becoming a teacher .
Or employer of little shop .
Or employer of a little shop .
English is very difficult .
But it is very interesting .
Thank you for reading .
Please give me your comment .

This is my 1st diary .
Thank you for you visiting and reading my massage !
Thank you for you visiting and reading my message !
Thank you for you visiting and reading my message !
Thank you for you visiting my journal and reading my entry !
I live in Tokyo , Japan .
I will try to write my diary in English for my learning .
I will try to write my diary in English to learn .
I will try to write in my diary in English to learn .
But I ca n't write so difficult words and sentence .
But I ca n't write really difficult words and sentences .
But I ca n't write difficult words and sentences .
I 'm not good at English , so please correct my mistake if you want .
I 'm not good at English , so please correct my mistakes if you want .
I 'm not good at English , so please correct my mistakes if you want .
I want to make many friends around the world .
So please mail me without reserve !

From Spring
I will be a university student and learning International science from Spring : )
I will be a university student learning International science starting this spring : )
I passed the entrance exam ! yay me !
Thanks a lot for all of your helps with my English studies , my friends : )
Thanks a lot for all of your help with my English studies , my friends : )

Fall in love
Falling in love
I have fallen in love with a Korean girl .
Actually it is just infatuation ! ! !
Actually , it is just an infatuation !
But I believe my intuition ! ! !
Although I trust my feelings !
She is just new student at my school .
She is a new student at my school .
She is Korean , while I 'm Jpanese . . .
She is Korean , while I 'm Japanese . . .
How can I manage this situation ?
How can I make this work ?
1 to give up her .
1 ) Give up on her .
2 to force her to go out with me
2 ) Ask her to go out with me .
3 to study Korean language
3 ) I could study the Korean language
4 to sniff her and feel contentment
A main difficulty is a difference of our languages . . .
The biggest problem is with the difference in our languages . . .
How can I tell my feeling to her ! ! !
How can I express my feeling to her ?
What if I take off my cloths in front of her ?
My imagination is still getting bigger ^ ^
My imagination can only grow ! ^ ^

The conclusion paragraph of my essay
In conclusion , self control and adaptation make a successful life .
In conclusion , self control and adaptation will lead to a successful life .
When you walk on the road to your success , there are many temptations which prevent you from doing what you should do for your successful life .
When you walk on the road to success , there are many temptations which prevent you from doing what you should do for a successful life .
Without self control , you will get sidetracked easily .
Without self control you will get sidetracked easily .
When you face to obstacles , you should apply an appropriate adaptation in order to move forward .
When you face obstacles , you should apply an appropriate adaptation in order to move forward .
Those two are essential for your trip to success .

Hard Work on Weekend
I transcribed three songs which are `` Metalingus `` by Alter Bridge , `` Stay with You `` by Goo Goo Dolls and `` Top Gun Anthem `` by Steve Stevens .
I do n't have good ears , so I had to listen to CD again and again in order to copy phrases and write it into music sheets .
I do n't have good ears , so I had to listen to the CD again and again in order to copy phrases and write it on music sheets .
It took long time to finish one song .
It took a long time to finish one song .
Due to listening to the same songs over 100 times repeatedly , I memorized them perfectly .
Now , I do n't need music sheet any more .
Now , I do n't need the sheet music any more .
To enjoy my hobby more effectively , working preliminarily is required .
To enjoy my hobby more , I have to do some work first .
I look forward to playing them with my band tomorrow .

A Voice Recorder
I bought a voice recorder that is called a linear PCM recorder .
I bought a voice recorder called a linear PCM recorder .
This kind of recorder can record your voice and music at the same level or higher as CD 's .
This kind of recorder can record your voice and music at the same level as or higher than a CD 's .
Compared with my old voice recorder , the quality of the sound is totally different .
My older one 's sound level was MP3 , so when I heard the recorded voices , I had to stand hearing cracking sounds .
My older one 's sound quality was MP3 , so when I heard the recorded voices , I had to deal with hearing cracking sounds .
However , the new recorder can reproduce the voice and music in a more natural way .
What is more , the price was lower than before !
BTW , I chose Sony , which has a good reputation of its beautiful sounds .
BTW , I chose Sony , which has a good reputation for its beautiful sounds .
BTW , I chose Sony , which has a good reputation for it 's beautiful sound quality .

Heat wave
Japan is going on heat wave over 35 degrees everyday .
Japan is in a heat wave and the temperature reachs over 35 degrees everyday .
We have to be careful a heat injury like these days .
We have to be careful of heat stroke these days .
It 's important that we take water and salt as often as possible not to be the heat injury .
It 's important that we take water and salt as often as possible to avoid heat stroke .
And also It 's important that we use an air conditioner and a fan moderately .
Espcially old people have the heat injury easily .
Espcially old people have a heat stroke easily .
Japan is tighting a electric power because of accident of nuclear power plant by earthquake .
Japan is strict with electric power because of the nuclear power plant accident by earthquake .
We have to try to save on electricity .
We have to try to save electricity .

Can I ask you guys something ?
I 'm going to Whistler to do snowboard next Febrary .
It 's my dream .
But I worry about it a little .
I 've never been there and I did n't do snowboard in another country .
So , could you tell me about Whistler resort ?

New Year 's EVe
New Year 's Eve
Tomorrow is New Year Eve .
I have 4 days long New Year holidays .
I have a 4 day long New Year holiday .
I have a 4 day long holiday .
Good ~ I must organize the schedule for these 4 days long holidays well .
Good ~ I must organizemy schedule for these 4 days well .
Good ~ I must organize my schedule for this holiday well .
I am planning on going to Taipei 101 plaza to enjoy a fireworks show .
I am planning on going to the Taipei 101 plaza to enjoy a firework show .
Although it is a little bit cliche as every year I always go there to see fireworks .
Although it is a little bit cliche , as every year I always go there to see the fireworks .

First entry
Ah , that thingie just reminded me that I should write an entry .
No idea what to write about , let 's just see if I 'm able to produce consistent English , at least on paper ( on monitor , you 'd rather say : ) ) .
I have no idea what to write about , let 's just see if I 'm able to produce consistent English , at least on paper ( on monitor , you 'd rather say : ) ) .
Although I do n't like these commercialized sites that offer everything in the form of several easy steps , I have to admit that the vast and helpful community easily overcompensates it : )
Although I do n't like these commercialized sites that offer everything in the form of several easy steps , I have to admit that the vast , helpful community easily overcompensates for it : )
As I noticed people like to break things into paragraphs here , sometimes having a dedicated one for each sentence .
As I have noticed , people like to break things into paragraphs here , sometimes dedicating one for each sentence .
Just like the one above .
And forgive me for having such a silly entry title .
I really coul n't come up with anything better .
In case you have nothing to correct ( I am too optimistic today ) leave a note so I know it does n't get ignored .

This is my first diary on Lang - 8 .
This is my first diary entry on Lang - 8 .
Today , I took vacation and woke up 9 o ' clock later .
I went to bed at 9 : 00PM yesterday .
So I slept 12hours !
So I slept 12 hours !
But after having lunch , I am sleepy already . . .

Mongolia trip ( 4 )
Our bus run through vast steppe and I enjoyed panoramic views from there .
Our bus ran through vast steppe and I enjoyed panoramic views from there .
All animals I saw in Mongolia seemed confortable .
All animals I saw in Mongolia seemed comfortable . .
All of the animals I saw in Mongolia seemed comfortable .
The right photo of a dog having a stretch on the grass is my favorite .

Each time when I memorize the earthquake , it always makes me painful , because the horrible scene that I experienced and saw from TV and DVDs often appears in my mind , and I can hardly forget people 's bloody face and incomplete body under the ruins .
Each time when I remember the earthquake , it always feels painful , because of the horrible scenes that I experienced and saw from TV and DVDs often appear in my mind , and I can hardly forget people 's bloody faces and incomplete bodies under the ruins .
It was very horrible , and you can not imagine it .
Human being was so fragile in the face of nature disaster .
Human beings are so fragile in the face of natural disaster .
That earthquake changed me a lot , and it made me rethink of myself , how I should live and what the most important thing in my life is .
That earthquake changed me a lot , and it made me rethink how I should live and what the most important things in my life are .
I think it 's necessary for me to write down what happened and what I experienced in the may , 2008 , because it will release something in my deep heart and I really need a release , and which have depressed me so long , and I must unload them now .
I think it 's necessary for me to write down what happened and what I experienced in may , 2008 , because it will release something in my deep heart and I really need a release . These things have depressed me so long , and I must unload them now .
I am a little sentimental , so maybe it looks like I am a little exaggerated .

Do You Like Fast Food ?
A couple of days ago , I discussed foods with my Filipino online tutor .
A couple of days ago , I discussed food with my Filipino online tutor .
The class was very interesting .
While we were discussing , our topic was changing to fast food .
While we were discussing , our topic changed to fast food .
I like Japanese fast food : `` udon `` , `` soba `` , `` okonomiyaki `` , `` takoyaki `` , `` kaiten - shushi `` and so on .
However , I do not like especially American fast food : `` hamburger `` , `` french fries `` , `` fried chicken `` , `` pizza `` and so on .
So , when I spoke to him about MacDonald food , he shared me with a very scary video clip from YouTube .
So , when I talked with him about MacDonald 's , he shared a very scary video clip from YouTube .
Please watch it first .
What do you think about it ?
It is very scary , is n't it ?
Of course when I looked at the process of rotting , they looked like very gross .
However , natural french fries and a hamburger went rotten quickly , but on the other hand , MacDonald 's food 's rotten speed was very slow .
However , natural french fries and a hamburger rot quickly , but MacDonald 's food 's rotting speed s is very slow .
It passed even two weeks , in the Big Mac 's case , it changed nothing .
It is very scary !
The most scariest stuff is MacDonald 's french fries .
The scariest stuff is MacDonald 's french fries .
Even though it passed 10 weeks , it still looked like normal .
I think that the guy is from my favorite documentary , `` Super Size Me `` .
I think the guy is from my favorite documentary , `` Super Size Me `` .
The video clip associated me with two documentaries , `` Super Size Me `` and `` Food Inc `` .
Two of them were very interesting .
I really think that there are lot of chemical stuff in MacDonald food .
I really think that there is lot of chemical stuff in MacDonald 's food .
However , I really think that it is not only MacDonald food , but also we can say quite the same things to another fast food .
However , I doubt it 's only MacDonald food , but another fast food aswell .
Eating out is one of my hobbies .
However , I definitely need to think of where and what I eat .
However , I definitely need to think about where and what I 'll eat .

I can not understand him
Last day , my former boy friend called me .
This was after a decade since we finally met or talked on the phone .
This was after a decade since our last contact .
He said , `` How are you doing ?
He said , `` How are you doing ?
We 're very very long time no see . ``
It 's been a really long time . ``
I said , `` Oh , I 'm fine .
I said , `` Oh , I 'm fine . ``
Thank you for calling me .
How about you ?
What 's up ? ``
But he said , `` I moved to Osaka from Kyoto and I still work as a municipal employee .
He replied , `` I moved to Osaka from Kyoto and I still work as a municipal employee .
Nothing have I problem .
Nothing , I have no problem .
I just remember you .
I just remembered you .
So I called you . ``
So I called . ``
I felt slight strange , because he is married and he also has a child .
I felt slightly strange , because he is married and he also has a child .
And He has not contacted me for a long time .
And he has not contacted me for a long time .
And he has not contacted me for a long time .
If I were him , I probably had not contacted former girl friend
If I were him , I probably would not have contacted a former girlfriend
If I were him , I probably would have not contacted a former girlfriend
just remenbered .
I just remenbered .
The line was somehow stuticky .
The line had alot of static .
The line somehow had static .
The line was sort of staticky .
So I said to him `` Where are you now ?
So I said to him , `` Where are you now ?
So I asked him `` Where are you now ?
I hear a lot of static . ``
He replied me `` Me ?
He replied me , `` Me ?
He replied , `` Me ?
At the balcony of my apartment .
On the balcony of my apartment .
It 's windy day today . ``
It 's windy today . ``
Strange .
Did n't he think about his wife and child 's feelings ?
OR Why did n't he consider his wife and child ?
So after talking with him ,
I contacted a common friend of us but he said my former boy friend was OK .
I contacted a common friend of ours but he said ex was OK .
I contacted a common friend of ours but he said my former boyfriend is OK .
Probably there was no problem .
I can not understand why he contacted me .
I think , sometimes he acted childish behavor .
I think , sometimes he acted childishly .
I belive he was into all along .
I believe he was into it all along .

Tomorrow is National Foundation Day in Japan , so I do n't have to go to work .
I 'll recover from lack of my sleep and prepare for tax return .
I 'll recover from my lack of sleep and prepare for tax return .
I 'll catch up on sleep and prepare my tax return .
I should fill out a form by next weekend .
Moreover , I have to write a report about my own business goals .
I 'm really glad that I can take a holiday tomorrow .

I have a dream .
I have a dream .
I want to settle down in New Caledonia in the future .
What is the dream of all of you ?
What is your dream ?

The general assembly
Today , I should present a general assembly of youth YMCA .
Today , I am going to go to a general assembly of youth YMCA .
Frankly speaking , it is not so strict as we think , because the assembly is held by young students from 15 to 19 .
Frankly speaking , it is not as strict as we think , because the assembly is held by young students , ages 15 to 19 .
I 'm 20 years old , but I took a role that teach them what they should do in youth YMCA .
I 'm 20 years old , but I took a role to teach them what they should do in youth YMCA .
I 'm 20 years old , but I took a role to teach them what they should do in youth YMCA .
I 've been a member of youth YMCA since I was 14 years old ( in Korea ) .
I 've been a member of youth YMCA since I was 14 years old ( in Korea ) .
But As I graduate from the highschool and go to a university , I 'll begin to be in activity in different place , and with different people and different way .
But as I graduate from high school and go to a university , I 'll begin to be busy in different places , with different people and in different ways .
So this assembly maybe the last activity I do in this town .
So this assembly may be the last activity I do in this town .
So this assembly may be the last activity I do in this town .
Being a student I 'd been stuck in youth YMCA , the fact that I should leave there makes me miss it .
As a student I 'd been [ felt ] stuck in youth YMCA , but the fact that I 'm leaving makes me miss it .
While I was still a student , I felt like I was stuck in youth YMCA , but the fact that I am about to leave makes me miss it .
However , I 'll do best in this assembly , and deliver what I 'd felt while I had been a member of YMCA as I can .
However , I 'll do my best in this assembly , and deliver what I 'd felt while I had been a member of YMCA .
I am also in great hope that I can experience a new things .
I also have great hope that I can experience new things .
I also have great hope that I can experience new things .

To Make English sentences
Making English sentences
I started the practice to make English sentences .
I start to practice by making English sentences .
I started practicing making English sentences .
The practice is to translate the simple Japanese sentence to English .
The practice is to translate a simple Japanese sentence to English .
I practice by translating simple Japanese sentences to English .
English is so difficult .

Which is better , challenging plans about one 's future or practical plans about one 's future ?
When people begin to make a living in a new city , the first thing they would like do is to make a plan and decision as soon as possible .
There is no doubt that a good plan is a part and parcel of sucess in one 's life .
There are two different groups of people in selecting their future plan : people who choose plans which are practical for them , and people who choose plans which are
challenging for them .
Both plans have thier own advantages and disavantages .
In this essay , I will compare each advantage and present my preference .
On one hand , some people prefer to chooes practical plans when they make desicions .
They say that through practical plans , they can achieve their dream and career step by step without any abrupt difficulties .
In other words , making a rational plan just like to set up a rule or a clearly goal to make sure whether we can get it or nor .
Elaborate pratical plans can give you a hand when you face difficults or feel depressed and help you get rid of unexpected
Elaborate pratical plans can give you a hand when you face difficulties or feel depressed and help you get rid of unexpected
situations .
Those people believe that only through practical plans can they find their niche in future .
When it comes to another group of people who prefer to chooes challenging plan .
As for as I concerned , I 'm in the middle of this group .
Evev through challenging plans may full of unknown arduous situations , as the proverb says : `` The bigger his dream , the wider his arena . `` Neither of approaches can achieve your life finall goal without challengig plans .
To further clarify my demonstration , I would like to quote an example of Bill Gates , a notable and sucessful businessman in the world .
It is even known to women and children that Bill Gates left Harvard university when he was a sophomore and run his own enterprise - - computer company with his friends .
It 's really a bold and challenging plan so that most people around him did n't support this plan .
It was such a bold and challenging plan so that most people around him did n't support this plan .
Nevertheless , Bill Gates never give up his faith and keep struggling Finally , he created Microsoft Empire because he knew that there would be a huge market for personal computer decades ago .
This story tells us that challenging plan you love can recall more passion to you and bring a sence of accomplishment for you .
It 's becauce of changes and challenges that lifes become vivid and fascinating .
I 'm a person with a spirit of adventure , challenging plans may bring a huge harvest to me that I have never gain .
What 's more , only challenging plans and challenging plans can fulfill our potencial .

I attended the chorus .
I went to community center this afternoon .
I went to the community center this afternoon .
That 's because I attended the chorus .
I have been singing a song once a month with chorus member .
I have been singing a song once a month with other chorus members .
It makes me very happy .
All member are good people and half of them are retirement age .
All members are good people and half of them are at a retirement age .
I have enjoyed everytime .
I enjoyed every time .
Our repertory of songs are a few and our talent for singing is not so good .
Our repertoire of songs is few and our singing talent is not so good .
But it is a good way to keep member 's relationship .
But it is a good way to keep a member 's relationship .
It is only once a month and so it is deifficult to improve each other .
It is only once a month and so it is difficult to improve with each other .
But It 's OK for us .
Even enjoyable time is important .
The enjoyable time is important .

Are there good e - dramas ?
I like english dramas like 24 , Ally McBeal and something like that .
It is very good materials for me to liseten to English .
But 24 is the drama which is in a little bit unusual situation and very difficult for me to listen to it .
But 24 is a drama with a little bit unusual situation ( plot ) and is very difficult for me to listen to .
Jack bouer always says `` What 's going on ! ! ! `` : ) .
Jack Bauer always says `` What 's going on ! ! ! `` : ) .
Although , Ally McBeal is very usual situation and I love it , but I am male . . .
Ally McBeal has a very usual situation ( plot ) but I love it although I am a male . . .
I would like to listen to more Enlish with e - dramas and learn daily conversation more and debate .
I would like to listen to more English through e - dramas and learn more about daily conversation and debate .
I am listening to ITConversations and Google techtalk video about the debate .
Are there any good dramas or debate video ?

Oh no ! !
I ca n't keep my room clean .
Few days after I cleaned my room , threre are many things . . . . . . , unbelivable ! ! ! ! ! !
Two days after ( 6 / 12 ) , my boy friend will come to my house .
Two days from now ( 6 / 12 ) , my boyfriend will come to my house .
I have to clean my room again ! ! ! !

My family go to library every other week .
My family goes to library every other week .
We can borrow up to 10 books each other .
We can each borrow up to 10 books
Last week , I got `` Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince `` .
I 'm not used to reading a book in English , so I can not read quickly .
I finished reading the book this week , but I have to borrow the book next time .
I finished reading part of the book this week , but I have to borrow it next time .

instead of drum set
instead of a drum set
I would practice drumming in school days .
the practice played during short break between school hours .
I practiced playing during short breaks between school hours .
I did n't take drum set onto schoolroom .
a bass drum part played step of my shoes by floor instead of bass drum .
I played the bass drum part by stepping my shoes on the floor instead of a bass drum .
a snare drum part played using pencil and desk instead of stick and snare drum .
I played the snare drum part using a pencil and desk instead of a stick and snare drum .
And some coins into pencil case played the part of cymbal .
I did n't play well , so I 've never been impressed others .
I did n't play well , so I 've never impressed others .
I was often scolded by my teacher .
My tackling tune was the type of music so - called progressive rock , like ' Yes . '
Specially , I would often played introductory passage of ' into the lens . '
Specially , I would often play the introductory passage of ' into the lens . '
The base guitar part of that tune synchronized rhythm of bass drum .
The base guitar part of that tune is synchronized to the rhythm of the bass drum .
At the same time , the keyboard part of that tune synchronized rhythm of snare drum .
At the same time , the keyboard part of that tune is synchronized to the rhythm of the snare drum .
When I could do that , I feel some sense of accomplishment .
Now I hear that music again , that intro part still exited me , but I feel redundant the tune itself .
I feel recent pop music are brief and insatiable .
But , does n't make me excite much . . .
But , it does n't make me excited much . . .

Today we hold meeting once a month .
Today , we are holding our once - a - month meeting .
Today we had a meeting that we hold once a month .

Nice to meet you !
Nice to meet you !
My name is ayako .
I am Japanese high school student .
I am a Japanese high school student .
I become college student next year .
I will become a college student next year .
I want color my hair and have one 's ears pierced next year .
I want to dye my hair and have my ears pierced next year .
But I want courage to be it .
But I need courage to do it .
But I have enjoyment too !
But I will have fun too !
Thank you for reading ! !

I am finding the way to enlarge my learning process .
I am finding a way to make my learning process more efficient .
For me , Physics is consisted of complex concept and a lot of information .
For me , physics consists of complex concepts and lots of information .
To learn it well , I must memorize it with realization .
To learn it well , I must memorize it .
But I ca n't achieve that , as I am not good at memory .
But I ca n't achieve that , as my memory is not good .
I konw that I will lose my way if the situation continue .
I know that I will lose my way if this situation continues .
I hope I can overcome the problem . . .
Before that , I should find the solution first .
Before I can do that I have to find the solution
As we know , success will not come in a sudden .
As we know , success will not come suddenly .
I ca n't pay for the success without my effort .
I ca n't expect success without effort .
Because there are meaningful that we have spare effort to strike our goals .
Because this is important I have to make an effort to achieve my goals .
Umm . . .
Also , I must improve my english .
Now , I understand that it is interesting , so I can learn it easier than the past .
Now , I find English to be interesting so I am more motivated to learn it than in the past .
In fact , the word I write is to encourge myself for learning .
In fact , the words that I write are to encourge myself to learn .
I do n't want to give up my study .
I do n't want to give up my studies .
I have goals as everyone .
I have goals like everyone else .
I am looking for the future .
And you ?

Tweets via iPhone
I very often use twitter in a day .
I use twitter very often in a day .
Usually I tweet about my thinking and news articles .
Usually , I tweet about what I am thinking , and news articles .
For example , I read news and if I felt it was interesting , I tweet its title and link .
For example , If I read a news article , and if I feel that it is interesting : I tweet its title and link .
In addition to that , I often add my comments .
Recently , I had become to read news on my iPhone usually .
Recently , I have began to read news on my iPhone .
Typing on the iPhone was bothering for me because my typing speed was very low .
Typing on the iPhone is bothering for me because my typing speed is very low .
So I did n't add my comments when I was read news via my iPhone .
So I did n't add my comments when I was reading news via my iPhone .
However , my typing speed was improved dramatically because of training using an enjoyable application .
However , my typing speed has improved dramatically because of training using an enjoyable application .
For this reason , now I can add my comments easily .
Tweets including comments must be interesting for followers . : )

caaaaaaaaaaaaaat ! ! ! !
My roommate keep a cat .
Although cats is so cut , but take care it is a big problem .
Although the cat is so cute , taking care of it is a big problem .
And now , I real real real need keep my room clean , to learn how to take care a cat .
And now , I really need to keep my room clean and learn how to take care of a cat .
By the way , he 's name is Miisey .
By the way , his name is Miisey .
It 's Start today !
It Starts today !
I want to study English .
I can speak English a little , but Recently , I have to read English books more and more .
I can speak English a little , but recently I have to read English books more and more .
I spent a lot of time reading books .
I 'm so tired . . .

Self - introduction
Hello , everybody !
I 'm a senior student in Soochow University , I major in teaching Chinese as a foreign language and international trade .
I 'm a senior student at Soochow University . I major in teaching Chinese as a foreign language and international trade .
But English is something I have more interest in .
I 'm preparing for study abroad .
I 'm here to make pen pals with you .

Responding to an article ( ' Beautiful Things Work Better ' )
Responding To The Article , ( ' Beautiful Things Work Better ' )
In response to the article ' Beautiful Things Work Better ' , being a teacher myself I could not agree more .
In response to the article ' Beautiful Things Work Better ' , as a teacher myself , I could not agree more .
The years spent on desperate search for better techniques , the very practice of teaching with its amazing ups and sleepless downs has definitively proved that learning as such is to take place solely in favourable surroundings .
The years spent in the desperate search for better techniques , the very practice of teaching with its amazing ups and sleepless downs , has definitively proved that learning as such , takes place solely in favourable surroundings .
Unarguably , if we take a step further to accept it as the cornerstone of any teaching method , we will be astonished to see the whole range of possibilities which will open up .
The point on which I could take issues with the author lies sooner in how to create the right environment for the language acquisition to happen , given each person is strikingly different .
The point on which I could take issue with the author lies in how to create the right environment for the language acquisition to happen , given that each person is strikingly different .
There were students in my teaching practice who could not stand bright light and felt safer with shut windows .
Yet , they were making impressive progress in spite of the teacher suffering in the dark about what was going on .
On the other hand , there have always been a considerable number of ambitious students who will find pride and joy in doing tests and all sorts of ' dull ' work .
Indeed , is there anything more attractive and pleasing in terms of language learning than passing an exam with flying colours ?
However , in the era of maximum comfort it is little wonder that an unprecedented number of learners prefer fun and relaxation accompanied by a cup of coffee and soothing music in the background .
The thing I feel strongly about is that it seems unfair to defy traditional education on the grounds that it fails to meet every student 's needs .
The thing I feel strongly about is that it seems unfair to vilify traditional education on the grounds that it fails to meet every student 's needs .
What does not , then ?
' Beautiful Things Work Better ' is what the author is trying to make us believe .
Unquestionably , when stuck between nasty weather and daunting deadlines it looks very much so .
Nevertheless , if we dare take a closer look at creativity ( and what is learning if not a fascinating mixture of experimenting , forming , shaping , producing and the like ? ) then we have to admit that , in the long run , successfulness is not a bed of roses , albeit highly rewarded in the end .
Nevertheless , if we dare take a closer look at creativity , ( and what is learning if not a fascinating mixture of experimenting , forming , shaping , producing and the like ? ) , then we have to admit that , in the long run , success is not a bed of roses , albeit highly rewarded in the end .
Finally , I would like to thank the author for touching on the issue of aesthetics in language teaching and learning , which appears to be among the most effective features nowadays .

Short stay in Seneagal
Short stay in Senegal
I will go Senegal for two months in this autumn .
I will go Senegal for two months this ( coming ) fall / autumn .
Then I have to discuss with my host researcher .
I will have to discuss some / a few details with my host researcher .
Could someone correct my English ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dear xxx ,
My flight determined as previous attached file .
My flight is confirmed as per the attached file .
Could you arrange hotel reservation between 25 September and 18 November ?
For the hotels , I want to ask one more thing .
Regarding the hotel , I would like to inquire about another detail .
Our company will give me money for hotel and air ticket but does n't give any other salary .
Our company will only cover accommodation and flight expenses .
I will be glad if the hotel includes breakfast in the account .
Could you ask the hotel whether breakfast fee can include in the account ?
Sincerely ,
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

[ Trend ] Do you like this fashion ?
Hi , I have question about Fashion ?
In the Japanese article ,
the new fashion trend is coming to Tokyo now .
a new fashion trend is coming to Tokyo now .
`` Super high - waist skirt style ``
I think , it 's strange and looks like maternity - clothes .
Simply , do you like this ?
Please let me know `` what do you think is good or bad ? ``
Please let me know if you think it 's good or bad .

priority seat
Today , I got on train .
Today , I got on a train .
And then , priority seats were all taken by girls .
There is an instruction
`` Please turn off your mobile near the priority seats . ``
But all girls was using them mobile .
But all girls were using their mobiles .
And train crews did n't tell them to stop using your mobile .
And train crews did n't tell them to stop using their mobiles .
It was unbelivable for me .
But I could n't say anything to them .

student from America
Student from America
Today , a student from America came to my school .
I want to talk with her .
But I ca n't talk well .
So I talked with her little .
So I talked with her a little .
I want to talk with her more !
I tried hard tomorrow !
I will try harder tomorrow !
My friend speaks English very well !
I want to improve my talking ability .
I want to improve my speaking ability .
What should we do ?
What should I do ?
If you have ttime , please give me little advice .
If you have time , please give me a little advice .

Until today , when I call my ex - boyfriend . but his handset has unused .
I know , I lost him at all .
I know , I lost him completely .
Even we broke off have two years .
Even though we broke off two years ago .
My heart is so blue .
I dont know why .
Maybe , I still love him , maybe not .
But now , I know I miss him , I dont want lost contact with him by now .
But now , I know I miss him , I dont want lose contact with him .
Tomorrow is our holiday , we should very happy with my family , but I cant feel happy .
Tomorrow is our holiday , I should very happy with my family , but I ca n't feel happy .
I want cry .
I want to cry .
and actually I had a good cryed in my office at afternoon .
and actually I had a good cry in my office this afternoon .
I feel so stupid .

I am back !
After 18 days of my stay in New Zealand , I finally got back home yesterday , at around 7 p . m .
To put it briefly , it was genuinely a great eye - opener for me .
* Things I discovered in NZ *
Most of the toilet seats were ceramic .
Those cruelly cold things had to unnerve my buttocks everytime before I relieved myself .
2 . ( Sorry for a toilet issue again ) They have half / full flush buttons and you can choose them accordingly !
I thought this was such a nifty idea but then , after that , the taps at washstands always emitted a massive jet of water .
It just made me wonder .
People were so friendly and warm - hearted .
Once I got helplessly disoriented in the middle of nowhere .
I went into a shop and asked a lady clerk for a direction , and she kindly offered me a lift to my destination !
I went into a shop and asked a lady clerk for directions , and she kindly offered me a lift to my destination !
Oh she just seemed like a goddess to me .
Kiwi accent was tricky to me .
After a while , though , I got used it and ended up finding it charming .
They often use the word ' reckon ' for ' think ' .
Also , I noticed that they say ' There is / was ( a plural form of a noun ) . ' These really intrigued me : D
I found no cram schools as we have here in Japan .
Most of the names of lands are Maori names and I found them sound quite familiar , being a Japanese native .
Most of the names of lands are Maori names and I found that they sound quite familiar , being a Japanese native .
Auckland has a huuuge population of Asians .
About half of the people I saw walking down the streets was Asian .
About half of the people I saw walking down the streets were Asian .
Lots of sheep & cows < 3
The sunshine is really strong .
They cherish their beautiful nature so much and are seriously aware of the necessity to preserve it .
Well , that 's pretty much about it .
On the train back home from the airport , I found myself missing this country so much , staring blankly at the skyscrapers soaring high above .
Thank you for sparing the time to read all this !
Do n't forget to be harsh on correcting my English ; )

I just recorded CD .
I just recorded a CD .
It 's over nealy in weekend .
I just had dinner and sat at desk .
I just had dinner and sat down at my / the desk .
At last , It 's fall .
I can feel chill in the morning early .
I can feel a chill early in the morning .
I like the fall in the weather .
I like the weather in the fall .
It make me sentimantal and moody .
It makeS me sentimEntal and moody .
So I just recorded CD .
So I just recorded a CD .
While I driving in car , I often used to listen music .
While I was driving the car , I often used to listen music .
Have you heard Sting of musician ?
Have you heard of Sting the musician ?
I like him and his voice .
He 's like a fall .
He sounds like the fall .
or His voice is good match in the fall .
or His voice goes well with the fall .
( I 'm not sure this sentense )
( I 'm not sure ABOUT this sentense )

How to use this site
I joined this site , Lang - 8 only recently , and do n't know how to use it effectively .
I thought I had corrected someone 's diary this morning , but it seems that I did n't push the `` send `` button and my correction vanished .
It also takes me a long time to search for comments people left for me .
I have no idea how to upload my pictures .
I think I need some training of useing this site .
Anyway , I find it very interesting to write my diary in English .

The sorrow of parting
THe more and more I have good relationships with my friends , it is much harder to say good - bye to them .
The better my relationships are with my friends , the harder it is to say good - bye to them .
Recently , my English teacher left Japan , and another teacher is leaving Japan soon .
Recently , my English teacher left Japan , and another teacher is leaving Japan soon too .
In fact , I have good relationships with them , so I miss them so much .
I would have difficulty getting over this great sadness .
I will have difficulty getting over this great sadness .
How does everyone get over the grief ?
How do people get over their grief ?
I have no ideas .
But I will cherish our precious memories .
I began to wonder about relationships .
I realized that if I am in love with a certain man , there will be when I have to say good - bye to the man .
I realized that if I am in love with a certain man , there will be a time when I have to say good - bye to that man .
Even if we love each other , or no matter how we attract each other . . .
Even if we love each other , or no matter how we are attracted to each other . . .
I am confused by romance relationships recently .
I am confused by romantic relationships recently .
How sad season it is ! ! !
What a sad season it is ! ! !

I hate russian weather .
I hate ( the ) russian weather .
It 's March , but we 've just had a very thick snowfall .
It 's March , but we 've just had a very thick ( Better : heavy ) snowfall .
Maybe it 's been even a blizzard .
Maybe it was even a blizzard .
I really ca n't stand it .
Waiting for summer .

Curry resutaurant
Tonight , I went to the curry resutaurant with my friend .
Tonight , I went to a curry restaurant with my friend ( s ) .
There are some Indians only , but they can speak Japanese and we can communicate with them .
There were only a few Indians there , but they could speak Japanese and we could communicate with them .
Keema curry and cheese nan tastes very good ! But the nan is thin and wide , so it gets cold in a minute .
Keema curry and cheese nan tastes very good ! But the nan is thin and wide , so it gets cold within a minute .
Keema curry and cheese nan tasted very good ! But the nan was thin and wide , so it got cold in minutes .
And if you drink water After eating the nan , it absorbs water , and become bigger and bigger in your stomach .
And if you drink water after eating the nan , it absorbs the water and becomes bigger and bigger in your stomach .
And if you drink water after eating the nan , it will absorbs the water , and expands in your stomach .
Do you have a favorite Japanese food ? I recommend a Japanese food ' Tempra ' : )
Do you have a favourite Japanese food ? I recommend the Japanese food ' Tempura ' : )
Do you have a favorite Japanese food ? I recommend ' Tempra ' : )
Thank you for reading !

Swiss Army Knife and the Law
I have been using a Swiss army knife for over 6 years .
This knife has very good quality , and is pretty handy as well .
My knife is of very good quality , and is pretty handy as well .
My knife is of very good quality , and is pretty handy as well .
One day , having noticed that I used a screw driver on the knife , a friend of mine told me that it was illegal to carry a knife in public areas .
`` How come ? `` , I asked , `` I consider this thing as a tool , not a weapon . `` The friend then told me a story of a man 's dismay about a knife :
The man was working on his backyard , installing sods .
He used a long kitchen knife to cut sods .
On a break , he walked to a nearby convenience store for a cup of coffee , with the knife in hand .
On his way to the store a neighbor saw him with the knife and called the police immediately .
Seeing the man walking in public with a knife , a neighbor called the police immediately .
Seeing the man walking in public with a knife , a neighbor called the police immediately .
The police came really quickly and stopped him on the way back home .
The man was almost arrested .
But I still think it is alright in my case , because first , the blade of my knife is only 2 . 5 inches long , and second , if I put it in my pocket without letting others notice that , no one will feel threatened thus the police wo n't come and bug me .

Pedometer
Have you ever used a pedometer ?
It is said adequate workout help you keeping your health .
It is said that an adequate workout can lead to a healthier life .
I think walking is the easiest workout for almost everyone from young to old people .
I think walking is the easiest workout for almost everyone , from young to old people .
The pedometer count your steps when you put on it automatically .
When you turn on the pedometer , it counts your steps automatically .
You can see how many steps you have walked .
It is fun , even funner than expected .
It is fun , even funner than I expected .
It is fun , even more fun than expected .
Not bad at all .
I recommend that .
I recommend trying it .
More than ten thousands steps a day is appreciate daily target to achieve .
More than ten thousands steps a day is the target goal .
Why do n't you try to put on a pedometer and go walk ?

Water in a cup
To be positive is much more important thing than I 've thought .
Being positive is a much more important thing than I thought .
Today I read a book .
It said that it would be bad to think `` it 's gon na be ok `` when you are afraid about something .
That 's because it would make you more afraid .
When people are really fine , they never think the same thing .
The book also said that you must not say or even think `` I do n't - - - . `` That means that you must not focus on negative side of any stuffs .
The book also said that you must not say or even think `` I do n't - - - . `` That means that you must not focus on the negative side of any stuff .
For example , when you are afraid about something , do n't think `` I do n't have to be afraid . `` but instead you can think `` Relax ! ' or `` Enjoy . `` Actually I ca n't agree with this easily , but the point is the same thing Robert told me before .
For example , when you are afraid about something , do n't think `` I do n't have to be afraid . `` but instead you can think `` Relax ! `` or `` Enjoy . `` Actually , I ca n't agree with this easily , but the point is the same thing Robert told me before .
If there is water half of a cup , how do you think ?
If there is water in half of a cup , how do you think ?
`` I still have half . `` or `` I have only half . `` ?
To be able to answer former one makes us different .
To be able to answer the former one makes us different .
Now I got what he said somehow .
Now I get what he said somehow .

March 12th
I do n't have a class every Friday , but I have workshops instead .
I do n't have class every Friday , but I have workshops instead .
I signed up for an Essential Idioms workshop yesterday , but it was canceled today because nobody signed up for it except for me .
Therefore , I did homework at school .
These days , I watch PRISON BREAK , which is my favorite foreign drama , almost every day .
Since I watch it with English subtitle , it 's not so complicated to understand the story .
Since I watch it with English subtitles , it 's not so complicated to understand the story .
I have a Saudi Arabian friend who can speak Japanese fluently .
He told me he had studied Japanese by watching Japanese cartoons .
I also have a Korean friend , who likes Japanese comedy and music , and he can speak Japanese well .
I also have a Korean friend who likes Japanese comedy and music . He can speak Japanese well .
I want to improve my speaking and listening skill , so I have a question .
I want to improve my speaking and listening skills , so I have a question .
Do you think watching movies or dramas is a good way to study langueages ?
Do you think watching movies or dramas is a good way to studylanguages ?
If you have a good way , please let me know it .

Removed a plaster
Removed a cast
My family went to a hospital to remove my daughter 's plaster today .
She broke a bone of her left arm two months ago .
She broke a bone in her left arm two months ago .
She seemed to forget how to use her left arm because she kept her left hand close when she came to a gutzer at the first time after removing a plaster .
But she was able to use her left arm soon .
I felt safe .

I Really Would Love to Be Like Her !
I really love watching video clips which encourage me and motivate me .
I really love watching video clips which encourage and motivate me .
Yesterday I discovered a very nice video clip , so I would love to share it with you .
According to the video clip , although she is 90 years old , she is still fine and has been keeping creating hand made violins .
According to the video clip , although the woman is 90 years old , she is still doing well and is still creating hand made violins .
I found a wonderful craftsmanship inside her .
I her craftsmanship is wonderful .
Since I 'm not good at listening to the Arkansas accent , I ca n't understand what she is saying perfectly .
Since I 'm not good at understanding Arkansas accents , I ca n't understand what she is saying perfectly .
However , the reporter 's English sounds very clearly , and I can guess what she is talking from the reporter 's story .
However , the reporter 's English is very clear , and I can guess what she is saying from the reporter 's story .
Can you have maintained your motivation like her ?
Can you maintain your motivation like her ?
After I watched it , I asked myself .
After I watched the clip , I asked myself that .
I 've been learning how to paint for 15 years .
I 've been learning conversational English for 2 years .
However , I sometimes loose interested in painting and learning English .
However , I sometimes lose interested in them .
I know that in both painting and learning English , if I would love to master them , all I have to do is keep going .
I know that in both painting and learning English , if I want to master them , all I have to do is keep going .
However , it is the most difficult , and most of the people drop out in the midway .
However , it is most difficult , and most people drop out midway .
I really want to be like her , and I want to enjoy my life like her .
In the video clip she looks brightening .
In the video clip she looks bright and cheerful .
I really would love to be the foremost craftsman like her !
I really would love to be a foremost craftsman like her !

If I were a boy , . . . . .
I like beyonce .
You knows she is a great singer .
As you know , she is a great singer .
Now my favorit song of hers is `` If I were a boy ``
At the moment , my favorite song of her 's is `` If I were a boy ``
Right now , my favorite song of her 's is `` If I were a boy ``
In the song she says `` If I were a boy I would treat my girl respectfully . ``
But real boys do n't think deeply about their girl 's feeling .
But real boys do n't think deeply about their girlfriend 's feelings .
I partly agree it .
I partly agree with it .
Boys should think more and girls should effort to understand .
Boys should think more about girl 's feelings , and girls should make an effort to communicate how they 're feeling .
What do you think ?

`` Farewell Party ``
I had a farewell party yesterday .
Everybody drank , ate a lot .
Everybody drank and ate a lot .
I enjoyed myself very much .
Changing the subject , I 'm exhausted today , because I had a lot of works , but everything went well .
Changing the subject , I 'm exhausted today , because I had a lot of workbut everything went well .
Ah ~ I want to be able to speak English fluently and have many foreign friends .

It 's rainniing
It 's raining
Maybe the autumn has becomed .
Maybe autumn is coming .
It has rainned for three days , and the temperature drops to 18 degrees centigrade , It 's cool now .
It has rained for three days , and the temperature drops to 18 degrees centigrade . It 's cool now .
I need to dress two clothes , but I feel comfortable .
I need to dress with two layers of clothing , but I feel comfortable .
In the store , autumn fashion start to show off ( sell ) , yet they 're expensive , I ca n't afford the purse , It will breake the bank .
At the store , autumn fashion start to show off ( sell ) . They were expensive and I could n't afford the purse I wanted . It would have broken the bank .
In my opinion , It 's a rip - off .
In my opinion , it was a rip - off .
I do n't expect to live from paycheck to paycheck .
I 'll buy the autumn fashion untill the price become cheaper ( the store give a discount )
I 'll buy the autumn fashion when the prices become cheaper ( when the store gives a discount ) .

Frist Entry
This is my frist entry on lang - 8 . com .
I am a girl from Beijing , China .
I am a freshman in university .
I am a freshman at university .
I got to know this web site several days ago , and I have got through some enties written by others .
I got to know this web site several days ago , and I have got through some entries written by others .
I find them interesting and I decided to start writing on this web site to improve my English .
I do n't have much language talent .
The only foreign language I am learning is English .
I will spend some time to correct Chinese learner 's enties .
I will spend some time to correct Chinese learner 's entries .
Because I wish more and more people can appreciate my mother tongue .
Because I wish more and more people could appreciate my mother tongue .

Mexican Telenovelas
For the past 5 months I had been watching a Mexican telenovela called Teresa .
For the past 5 months I had been watching a Mexican telenovela ( drama ? ) called Teresa .
It was the same old story about the poor girl that marries a rich guy because she 's obsessed with money .
She was mean , she lied to her friends , and said her mother was dead cause she was embarrased of her humble roots .
She was mean , she lied to her friends , and she said her mother was dead cause she was embarrassed of her humble roots .
Plus , she dumped the rich guy and seduced his best friend , whom also happened to be her sister 's in law boyfriend .
Plus , she dumped the rich guy and seduced his best friend , who also happened to be her sister - in - law 's boyfriend .
So , in summary she was a tramp .
So in summary ( needless to say ) she was a tramp .
Anyways , this past Sunday the novela ended .
Anyway , this past Sunday the novela ended .
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada we were all together to watch Teresa 's last chater , we were hoping her to end homeless and lonely ( like in the original version ) , but to our suprise she did 't .
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada . We were all watching Teresa 's last chapter together , and were hoping her to end up homeless and lonely ( like in the original version ) , but to our surprise she did n't .
My family came to my house and we cooked carne asada . We were all together to watch Teresa 's last episode , hoping that she would end up homeless and lonely ( like in the original version ) , but to our surprise she did n't .
It was so unfair , she kept the money and the guy .
It was so unfair , she kept the money and the guy .
It was so unfair ; she kept the money and the guy .
So , what did she learn ?
So what did she learn ?
What was message , be a tramp and you 'll suceed ?
What was the message , be a tramp and you 'll succeed ?
So to end this entry I 'll just cite Teresa 's mom : Me das miedo Teresa . . .
So to end this entry , I 'll just quote Teresa 's mom : Me das miedo Teresa . . .
Polaroid will come back !
3rd , Summit Global Japan reported they would start to sell instant film and instant camera of Poraloid in Japan in 2010 .
3rd , Summit Global Japan reported they would start selling instant film and instant cameras under the Polaroid brand in Japan in 2010 .
Polaroid faced financial crisys and it stopped selling instant film and instant camera .
Polaroid faced financial crisis and stopped selling instant film and instant cameras .
It finally filed for Chapter 11 in Dec . 2008 .
I love Poraloid .
I took many pictures by their camera and film .
I took many pictures with their cameras and film .
I regretted that Poraloid stop selling thier photography products and think if I were richman , I would buy Polaroid company and continue to sell their products .
I regretted that Poraloid stopped selling their photography products and think if I were a rich man , I would buy the Polaroid company and continue to sell their products .
Fortunately there is another rich company and it revive Polaroid .
Fortunately there is another rich company and it revived Polaroid .
I appreciate its decision but also think their way is very hard .
One of the most attractive point of Polaroid is that we can see photos just after we take them .
One of the most attractive points of Polaroid is that we can see the photos we take just after we take them .
But now we are using digital camera to do that and running cost to see photos taken by digital camera is free while photos of Polaroid costs us film fee .
But now we are using digital cameras to do that and the running cost to see photos taken by a digital camera is free while photos on a Polaroid camera costs us a film fee .
Even so Polaroid has unique attractive point such as exciting feeling when we see photos appearing on the film .
Even so Polaroid has unique attractive points such as the exciting feeling when we see photos appearing on the film .
I hope Summit Global complete the its hard way .

Favourite word
My tutor asked me `` What is your favourite word in English , and why ? ``
I answered `` It 's refrigerator .
Because it is difficult to pronounce and it sounds like an incantation . ``
Then I thought refrigerator was really like a magic , because there were many delicious foods in it .
Then I thought refrigerator was really like magic , because there are many delicious foods in it .

There was occurred a earthquake in Japan .
An earthquake has happened in Japan .
There has bean a earthquake in Japan .
There has been an earthquake in Japan .
It is very sad thing .
When A earthquake was occurred , I was very anxious about my wife and daughter .
When the earthquake happened , I was very anxious for my wife and daughter .
So I had called my wife as soon as possible .
But It was connected with her .
( Maybe you mean ) But I could n't connect with her .
I feared for her and daughter safety .
I feared for both her and my daughter 's safety .
After I was allowed from the company to leave , I leaved office at 5 o ' clock for the place of her a little early .
After I was allowed to leave the company , I left the office a little early at 5 o ' clock to get to my wife 's job .
I went to the Sinagawa Station from Shibuya .
I went to the Shinagawa Station from Shibuya .
I thought It had taken about 5 hours time .
I think it took about 5 hours .
But we did n't meet at there , because it was n't work communication network system .
But we did n't meet there , because the communication network system was n't working .
After It was passed a little time , We could talk each other by smart phone .
After a little time had passed , we were able to speak to each other by smart phone .
My wife said she was walking to the child - care institutions .
( my wife is Japanese , I 'm Korean )
( My wife is Japanese , I 'm Korean )
I only had to walk for the same place .
I had to walk to the same place .
I reached home at AM 5 o ' clock .
I had reached home at 5 AM .
So I walked for 10 hours all of time .
So altogether I had walked for 10 hours .
I was happy to my family safety .
I was happy for my family 's safety .
But I am very anxious about the accident of nuclear power plant .
But I am very worried about the accident at the nuclear power plant .
It is fear of radioactivity .
I worry about the radioactivity .

My life . . .
I was working morning to noon today .
I was working from the morning to noon today .
I had a bit job and was easy to get tired today .
I had a few jobs so it was easy to get tired . .
Recently , I 'm really thinking of my future seriously .
What I would like to be or what I have to do near future .
What I would like to be or what I have to do in the near future .
I 'm a positive thinking man so I 'll just do what to do .
I 'm a positive thinking man so I 'll just do what I have to do .
Tomorrow can never fail to come so we have to be positive .
There will always be tomorrow , so we have to be positive .
I just thought of that in my mind .

Which country slaughtered more ? Japan ? or German ?
Which country slaughtered more ? Japan ? or Germany ?
The historian Chalmers Johnson has written that :
The historian Chalmers Johnson has written that
It may be pointless to try to establish which World War Two Axis aggressor , Germany or Japan , was the more brutal to the peoples it victimised .
it may be pointless to try to establish which World War Two Axis aggressor , Germany or Japan , was more brutal to the peoples it victimized .
The Germans killed six million Jews and 20 million Russians [ I . e .
Soviet citizens ] ; the Japanese slaughtered as many as 30 million Filipinos , Malays , Vietnamese , Cambodians , Indonesians and Burmese , at least 23 million of them ethnic Chinese .
Both nations looted the countries they conquered on a monumental scale , though Japan plundered more . . . .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
It is surprising how western people are unaware of Japanese atrocities while they always compare Hitler to devil .
It is surprising how western people are unaware of Japanese atrocities while they always compare Hitler to the devil .
Moreover , it is Japanese that worship the war criminals in a temple specifically built for them .
Moreover , it is the Japanese who worship the war criminals in a temple specifically built for them .
As if that was n't enough , they changed their history text book deleting , removing many of their faults during the world war 2 .
As if that was n't enough , they changed their history textbooks , ( by ) removing many of their faults during World War 2 .
Instead of admitting it , they 're justifying it saying that all we did was legitimate according to the international law .
Instead of admitting it , they 're justify it by saying that all they did was legitimate according to the international law .
Is it legitimate that abducting young ladies from countries like Korea , china and sexually abuse them in the war place ?
Is it legitimate to abduct young ladies from countries like Korea and China and sexually abuse them in the war place ?
Is it legitimate to abduct young ladies from countries like Korea and China and sexually abuse them during times of war ?
Many of them were killed just because they developed sexually transmitted disease which is from their own soldiers .
Difference between Germans and Japanese is that it seems like Japanese are not ashamed of what they did in the past while Germans are not only ashamed of what they did but also did not forget to apology to victimized country such as Poland .
The difference between Germans and Japanese is that it seems like the Japanese are not ashamed of what they did in the past , while Germans are not only ashamed of what they did but also did not forget to apologize to victimized countries , such as Poland .
The difference between the Germans and the Japanese are that it seems the Japanese are not ashamed of what they did in the past , while Germans are not only ashamed of what they did but also did not forget to apologize to victimized countries such as Poland .

New political era starts
Today Yukio Hatoyama , who is a new Japanese prime minister , started a new cabinet .
Amazingly , in Japan , the prime minister has recently changed every year .
Amazingly , in Japan , the prime minister has been replaced each year .
Jyunichiro Koizumi was probably the most well - recognized prime minister in the US .
He was very close to former President Bush , and the relationship between US and Japan has became pretty well since that time .
Most American people hated Bush , though .
Anyway , we have already had four primeministers since Koizumi .
Anyway , we have already had four prime ministers since Koizumi .
Mean while , there was obviously only one new President in the US .
We can not directly discuss this fact because those political structures are very different .
However , it is true that Japanese politics was not stable these days .
This can result in the frequent change of our leader .
Japanese people are now expecting the new leader , and a new era .
Japanese people are now expecting a new leader , and a new era .
Thanks for reading .

Good - looking American play
Good American Show .
I have many days without on lang - 8 .
I 've have n't been on lang - 8 for many days .
Because my work and learning too busy .
I have been too busy with work and school .
Classmate tell me good - looking American play .
A classmate told me NIKITA is a good show .
It 's name NIKITA .
It 's name is NIKITA .
By Maggie Q starring .
It stars Maggie Q .
Now the first season only seven sets .
There are only seven sets in the first season .
Waiting for the second season .

Digital Camera
I bought a new digital camera two weeks ago .
I was impressed that the focus and syutter speed of the camera
I was impressed by the superior the focus and shutter speed of the camera .
were much faster than previous one .
I have an attention to aviod the new camera browken by my son .
I have to pay close attention to avoid the new camera being broken by my son .
I want to go to somewhere with my family soon .

`` Muscles ``
It is rany day today .
It is a rainy day today .
I 'm going to work out at the gym after work .
I want to develop my muscles by doing exercises .

English lesson
I think it 's very important for me to have as many opportunities to talk to a native speaker or a person who can speak English fluently as possible in order to improve my speaking skills .
I think it 's very important for me to have as many opportunities as possible to talk to a native speaker , or a person who can speak English fluently , in order to improve my speaking skills .
I think it 's very important for me to converse with a native or fluent English speaker , as much as possible in order to improve my speaking skills .
One of the opportunities is the lesson with a native speaker .
One such opportunity is a lesson with a native speaker .
One of the opportunities are lessons with a native speaker .
This lesson is held almost every Saturday .
These lessons are held nearly every Saturday .
The teacher is one of five ALTs ( ALT is the abbreviation of Assitant Language Teacher ) who work in public school .
They are taught by one of five ALTs ( Assistant Language Teachers ) who work in public schooling .
Five ALTs take it in turns to conduct a lesson .
This lesson is a quite precious opportunity for me .
These lessons are a precious opportunity for me .
My region has few people from other countries because it 's so rural .
That 's why it 's very hard to find them in my area .
Which is why it is very difficult to find native English speakers .
There is always 3 - 5 persons including a teacher in this lesson .
The size of a lesson is so small that I can many chances to talk in English .
Because the lessons have so few participants , we have many opportunities to speak in English .
First of all , I talk freely with a teacher and other participants .
After talking , we do some things by using a text .
After talking , we use a text for various activities .
For example , we remember useful expressions , play a role play , and make sentences which contain new words .
For example , we use it to remember useful expressions , engage in role - play , and construct sentences containing new words .
Lastly , we read an article in newspaper and discuss it .
Near the end of the lesson , we read an article in the newspaper and discuss it .
2 hours always flies fast .
The 2 hours always fly by quickly .
I always enjoy it .
I 'm really lucky to have this lesson .

76 meeting
I attended `` 76 meeting `` today .
I attended the `` 76 meeting `` today .
Company presidents born in 1976 gather for it and 20 people came .
Company presidents born in 1976 gathered for it and 20 people came .
It started 3 years ago and was held once every 3 months .
On the meeting , one makes a presentation about his company every time , this time I made it .
In every meeting , one makes a presentation about his company . This time I made it .
I think it 's so worthwhile because everyone can learn lots of ideas and experiences from others .
After that , we drunk together and had a fun .
After that , we drank together and had fun .
In this drinking time , we decided to go a trip to Hong Kong or Singapore .
I do n't know if it would be realized but I 'd like to go whichever place because I 've never been both .

Yesterday was very cold .
Today is less cold than yesterday .
That reminds me
There was a light snowfall yesterday at the neighborhoodof my home .
There was a light snowfall yesterday at my neighborhood .
So far it has come winter .
So far it has become winter .

The movie `` Who killed the electric car ? ``
I watched DVD `` Who killed the electric car ? `` ; this is a documentary film thta deals with the history of the electric car , mainly focused on The General Moters EVI .
I watched a DVD `` Who killed the electric car ? `` ; this is a documentary film that deals with the history of the electric car , mainly focused on The General Motors EVI .
I watched a DVD `` Who killed the electric car ? `` ; this is a documentary film that deals with the history of the electric car , mainly focusing on The General Motors EVI .
This type of car was invented to reduce air pollution , the emission of carbon dioxide out of atmosphere about ten years ago .
This type of car was invented to reduce air pollution , the emission of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere about ten years ago .
When it was released at GM , it became sensational , but disappeared and `` Hammer `` was released instead .
When it was released at GM , it was a sensation but disappeared and the `` Hummer `` was released instead .
This is said chiefly because the influence of Bush administration and oil company pushed out this environmentally friendly car .
This is said to have been due chiefly to the influence of the Bush administration and oil companies pushing out this environmentally friendly car .
Ten years later , now , we are conscious of how we can be `` green `` and President Obama are going to encourage the invention of this pug - in electric car .
Ten years later , now , we are conscious of how we can be `` green `` and President Obama is going to encourage the invention of this plug - in electric car .
The film is very impressive to know the situation in those days , and how strong policy and companies ' relations are to pursue each profit .
The film is very impressive explaining the situation in those days , and how strong policy and companies ' relations are to pursue each profit .
The film is very impressive at explaining the situation in those days , and how strong policy and companies ' relations are to pursue profit .

I keep writting what I think .
Second of all , I `` d like to study fashion design .
Second of all , I 'd like to study fashion design .
Japanese fashion school do n't teach fashion design .
Japanese fashion schools do n't teach fashion design .
They only teach how to make clothes beautifully like the way of sawing and making patterns .
They only teach how to make beautiful clothes by means of sawing and making patterns .
But I would not like to learn those skills .
I `` d like make my story deeply and study how to express the story to everyone with strong impression .
I 'd like to turn my ideas into a reality featuring deep sense and study how to express the story to everyone creating a strong impression .
Therefore I started to study in foreign country .
Therefore I decided to study in a foreign country .

SOS ! ! !
SoS ! ! !
who can help me ?
last night , I do n't know what wrong .
Last night , I do n't know what went wrong .
I just ca n't sleep , I used too many way to help me sleep , but that 's ca n't help me .
I just could n't sleep , even though I used many ways to help myself sleep , none of them helped me .
Now , I am staying in school .
Now , I am in school .
everyclass I am sleep , I do n't know what 's wrong .
Every class , I am sleeping , I do n't know what 's wrong with me .
I know I ca n't do that , but I ca n't make me do n't sleep in the class .
I know I ca n't do that , but I ca n't make myself not sleep in class .
Who can help me ?

The Christmas present
It is close to the Christmas .
It is close to Christmas .
I ask my son what he wants .
He answered the question , `` Secret ! `` .
He answered , `` Secret ! `` .
He answers the question , `` Secret ! `` .
I am afraid he does n't know who really sends presents .
I decided to send the toy of his favorite TV character to him .

tomorrow , I have only two class .
Tomorrow , I only have two classes .
So I will go to guide to KINKAKUJI temple .
So I will go to Kinkaku - ji temple to guide people .
There are beautiful GOLDEN PABIRION in there .
There is a beautiful golden pavilion there .
Did you see it on picuter or something ?
Can you see it on the picture ?
It is so beautiful .
That is coverded gold .
That is gold covering it .
And there are three storied room .
And , there are three stories each consisting of a single room .
Fisrt is tea ceremony room , second is Empelial room , third is Samurai room .
First is the tea ceremony room ; second is the imperial room ; third is the samurai room .
If you want to enter in these room , you cant do that .
Even if you want to enter these rooms , you ca n't do that .
you can only see from outside .
You can only see it from the outside .
But it is so beautiful .
There are pond front of the pabirion .
There is a pond in front of the pavilion .
Refrections are so beauty .

It 's over . .
I watched the World Series last night and as most of you know , The Yankees won .
I watched the World Series last night and as most of you know , the Yankees won .
Most amazingly , Matsui hit remarkably and was chosen the MVP of this World Series .
Amazingly , Matsui hit remarkably well and was chosen as the MVP of this World Series .
Most amazingly , Matsui hit remarkably ( well ) and was chosen as & nbsp ; the MVP of this World Series .
I was really disappointed with the result ; the Phillies lost .
Have you ever heard of Matsui ?
He came from Japan a few years ago and joined the Yankees .
Since he had been probably the most popular player in Japan before came to the US , many fans were shocked at his decision of leaving Japanese league .
Since he had been probably the most popular player in Japan before coming to the US , many fans were shocked about his decision of leaving the Japanese league .
Since he had been probably the most popular player in Japan before coming to the US , many fans were shocked at his decision of leaving the Japanese league .
However , most of the people are still rooting him as `` Matsui in the Yankees `` .
However , most of the people are still rooting for him as `` Matsui in the Yankees `` .
However , most of the people are still rooting for him as `` Matsui of / on the Yankees `` .
However , most of the people are still rooting for him as `` Matsui in the Yankees `` .
I was a fan , too , but last night he turned to just my foe .
I was a fan , too , but last night he turned into my foe .
He hit too much .
In the interview of MVP , he said `` I feel like in a dream . `` That was a nightmare for Phillies fans including me .
In his MVP interview , he said `` I feel like I 'm in a dream . `` That was a nightmare for Phillies fans including myself .
Anyway , I enjoyed watching the Phillies ' games and I want thank all players !
Anyway , I enjoyed watching the Phillies ' games and I want to thank all players !
Anyway , I enjoyed watching the Phillies ' games and I want to thank all the players !
Anyway , I enjoyed watching the Phillies ' games and I want to & nbsp ; thank all the & nbsp ; players !
Thanks .

Please correct this sentences .
I am going to travel in Thailand on Jun .
I am going to travel to Thailand . in June .
I have to reservation of hotel in Thailand .
I have to make a reservation for a hotel in Thailand .
I intend to reservation on Internet .
I intend to make a reservation on the Internet .
Please correct below sentences .
I would like to a twin bed room and non - smoking room .
I would like to request a non - smoking room with a twin bed .
We are going to arrive at 6 : 25 p . m .
We will be arriving at 6 : 25 p . m .
in Chiang Mai airport .
Could you pick us up at the airport ?
How much will the fare be ?

I 'm satisfied with my speech , but . .
I came back from my work earlier than usual today .
I 'm a little bit tired because I went to bed late last night .
I should go to bed early though , I have a lot of things to do .
I should go to bed earl , even though , I have a lot of things to do .
I should go to bed early , however have a lot of things to do .
I should go to bed early , but I have a lot of things to do .
I 'm satisfied with my speech I had last night , but I must continue leaning English to improve it more and more .
I will do my best and will be able to communicate with my friends in English fluently in the near future .
I will do my best so I will be able to communicate with my friends in English fluently in the near future .

I jogged this morning .
The temperature was minus seven degrees .
I got a great feeling .
It felt great . *
I was going to continue it for a little while hereafter .
I am going to continue doing it for a little while hereafter .
However , only slipping does n't take care .
However , I have to take care about slipping .
However , I have to be careful about slipping .

favorite food
I am not a picky .
I am not picky .
So , I 'd like to eat various countrie 's foods .
So , I 'd like to eat various countries ' foods .
There are many kind of foods speculiar to each countrie in the world .
There are many kind of foods speculiar to each country in the world .
My favorite food has to be `` curry and rice `` .
It is very popular in Japan .

What a cold day ~
I had a part time job today .
It was very cold in the morning , so I bundled up and ' waddled '
to work . .
not caring whether I look fat or not .
not caring whether I looked fat or not .
Work was good . . lunch was excellent . . short nap on the way
back home was like heaven .
I was suppossed to give my dog a bath , but I postponed it for a day .
She can wait .
Trust me , she 's happy about my decision .
The cold weather is making me very lazy .
I was suppossed to
do a couple of more things , but neglected them perfectly today .
do a couple more things , but neglected them perfectly today .
I always have tomorrow , and the ' things ' can wait ^ 0 ^

I want to travel , know new places , new people , make friends , know the cultures around the world .
In september I make , witch my girl , an a small holiday on Marsa alam ( Egipt ) and in October we inted to go few months on England
for improve our english .
To improve our English .
You have tips for us ? Which city do you recommend ?
Do you have tips for us ? Which city do you recommend ?
Thanks for the help !
bye luca

Yoga is in vogue among my coworkers these days and they are going to gym almost every day after work .
Yoga is in vogue among my coworkers these days and they are going to the gym almost every day after work .
They always recommend me doing Yoga , but I 'm afraid I 'm not interes in exercise .
They always recommend me doing Yoga , but I 'm afraid I 'm not interested in exercise .
Getting the newspaper to mailbox is about the most exercise I do .
Getting the newspaper from mailbox should be the exercise that most I will do .
Better than nothing , ha !
Better than doing nothing , ha !

I ca n't feel the sunlight because I usually work midnight .
It is like a nocturnal animals .

Hello Lang - 8
This is my first diary .
I have confronted in need of to speak Elignsh in my office .
I have to speak English at my office .
I study hard .
I will study hard .

The very begining . . .
The very beginning . . .
It 's hard to start the new diary , especially here .
It 's hard to start a new diary , especially here .
But I 'll try to white here as often as it is possible .
Today I and my Mom were in the store .
We were looking for a new fridge .
It was a little bit borring .
It was a little bit boring .
And . . .
I think it is all , what I can write for my first time

correction please 2 ! ! ! !
We are just trying to carry out an interventional study with Juvenile delinquents ' whom are a group of 15 - 16 year olds according to the book `` EXPLORING FEELINGS : the Cognitive Behavior Therapy To Manage Anger `` , which was translated in Japanese .
We are ( just ) trying to carry out an interventional study with a group of 15 - 16 year olds juvenile delinquents using to the book `` EXPLORING FEELINGS : the Cognitive Behavior Therapy To Manage Anger `` , which was translated into Japanese .
Therefore I have contacted Dr / / / / / / , the author of the book , so that we would have some advice for the programing .
Therefore I have contacted Dr / / / / / / , the author of the book , so that we would have some advice for the program .
And with regard to the rating scale and scientific evaluation of the program ( to compare the program 's effect before and after ) , he suggested me to contact you and told your e - mail address .
With regard to the rating scale and scientific evaluation of the program ( to compare the program 's effect before and after ) , he suggested that I contact you and gave me your e - mail address .
We are planing to measure with the State - Trait Anger Expression Inventory - 2 ( Schwenkmezger et al .
We are planning to measure with the State - Trait Anger Expression Inventory - 2 ( Schwenkmezger et al .
1992 ) for the evaluation study , but also thinking that it would be a bit difficult for some of the subject group members .
1992 ) for the evaluation study , but we are also thinking that it would be a bit difficult for some of the subject group members .
That is why , it would be helpful , if you could give us some advice for the ebaluation of the research and provide the detals about the rating scales that were used in the book .
That is why , it would be helpful , if you could give us some advice for the evaluation of the research and provide the details about the rating scales that were used in the book .

What does leeway mean to you ?
In my opinion , western youths have more freedom than their friends in Eastern .
In my opinion , Western youths have more freedom than their friends in the East .
They have more things to concern whenever they make a decision .
In many cases , they have to earn money for not only their living but also their family : they become the main earners .
In many cases , they have to earn money for not only themselves but also their family : they become the main earners .
So sometimes they ca n't follow their dreams , instead they get jobs they do n't like , as long as it brings them much money .
So sometimes they ca n't follow their dreams . Instead , they get jobs they do n't like , as long as the jobs bring them money .
A few people do n't give up but after several years , passion is not strong enough .
A few people do n't give up but after several years , their passion is not strong enough .
In other word , they sacrifice for their family .
In other words , they sacrifice for their family .
It is not common now , but it is true .
Especially youths come from countrysides , they have already suffer dearths and not want their blings to do so .
They do not want their siblings to make sacrifices as well .

Good morning !
This morning is very fresh .
I woke up late but it 's still fresh .
My breakfast
is Tim - Sum .
Today , I 'm going to read law book after I has read lots of novels .
Today , I 'm going to read a law book after I have read lots of novels .
I like reading very much .
Reading gives me more knowleages and interesting
We can open the world through reading .
Now , I must go to read .
Now , I must go to read .
Bye - bye !

Yesterday 's My English Lesson
Yesterday 's English Lesson
Yesterday my English conversation teacher Sean and I took a very interesting lesson .
Yesterday my English conversation teacher Sean and I had a very interesting lesson .
He suggested me that tell a lie in English .
He suggested to me that I tell a lie in English .
According to him , it is good practice to speak English fluently .
Because when people try to tell a lie , they tend to speak fluently .
If they ca n't speak fluently , we doubt the story and they wonder if that the story is true or not from their facial express , voice tone , gestures , or something like that .
When I told a like , I was very nervous to trick him .
When I told a lie , I was very nervous .
Because I had to make two stories which one is true and the other is false and I also had to told them in English with same facial express , voice tone and so on .
Because I had to make two stories where one is true and the other is false and I also had to tell them in English with same facial expression , voice tone and so on .
My stories are like that ; when I was a younger , I was a tomboy and most of my friends were boys .
My stories were that ; when I was younger , I was a tomboy and most of my friends were boys .
I like playing games with them and one of my favorite games was making frog bombs .
I liked playing games with them and one of my favorite games was making frog bombs .
It was that I stuffed fire crackers into alive frogs and throw away toward to people .
I stuffed fire crackers into live frogs and threw them towards people .
My mom was always upset to my behavior .
My mom was always upset about my behavior .
When I was three years old , one day I was looking at a washing machine and had curious about that .
When I was three years old , one day I was looking at a washing machine and was curious about it .
While I was watching the movement , I do n't know why , but I wanted to try jump into the watching machine .
Whilst I was watching the movement , I do n't know why , but I wanted to try and jump into the washing machine .
At the same time I recognized that I turn around with laundries .
At the same time I recognized that I would turn around with the laundry .
All my hairs came out and of course , I heard my mom 's screaming .
All of my hair came out and of course , I heard my mom 's screaming .
On the other hand , when I was a younger , I wished to do pee with standing like my boys friends .
On the other hand , when I was younger , I wished to pee with standing like my boy friends .
When I played with them , I always did pee with standing .
When I played with them , I always peed standing up .
One day I tried to do pee with one of my boys friends from upstairs toward to my dad 's car .
One day I tried to do pee with one of my boy friends from upstairs towards my dad 's car .
We were standing on the balcony and did pee .
We were standing on the balcony and peed .
When my mom saw our pee downstairs , she was really mad to us .
When my mom saw our pee downstairs , she was really mad at us .
Do you know which story ( turning around into washing machine or doing pee with standing ) is true ?
Do you know which story ( jumping into the washing machine or doing a pee whilst standing ) is true ?
Of course , I do n't speak them in English though .
Of course , I did n't speak them in English though .

Am I a music teacher ? ? ?
I wrote in my diary about one of my patients who has bipolar disorder .
Yesterday , she said that `` I want to sing White Christmas in English , please teach me ! ``
I did n't know the song perfectly , so I asked my British friend about it .
He gave me a copy of the song 's lyrics , but I just sing a begining of the song that `` I 'm dreaming of a White Christmas just like the ones I used to know . `` That 's all . . . .
He gave me a copy of the song 's lyrics , but I just know how to sing the beginning of the song , which goes `` I 'm dreaming of a white Christmas . Just like the ones I used to know . ``
Therefor , I checked the melody of the song on Youtube and I 'm practicing now .
Therefore , I checked the song 's melody on Youtube and I 'm practicing now .
she is coming to my clinic at 4 o ' clock .
It 's in 30 minutes .
I 'm a chiropractor .
I 'm not a music teacher , am I ? ? ?
Hahaha ^ ^

Join Lang - 8
I have purposes .
I want to read English novels which is written by Kurt Vonnegut .
I want to read English novels that are written by Kurt Vonnegut .
I want to read English news and blogs quickly .
And , I want to speak English .
Then , I join Lang - 8 .
I 'll get expressions and reading knowledge of English text for my purpose in Lang - 8 .
I 'll get an impression and knowledge of reading English text , which is my purpose in joining Lang - 8 .
Thank you .

I will study with my friend .
I got up at 9 o ' clock .
But I 'm very sleepy .
Because I went to bed later .
Because I went to bed late .
today to do list
today 's to do list
study English in library
go to karaoke near my house
cook my dinner in my house
I 'm very busy !
But I enjoy my planes everyday .
An English speech contest
Today I went to see an English speech contest at university .
Today I went to see an English speech contest at a university .
7 students paticipated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students did n't memorize their script enough not to see it but still I thought they made a lot of efferts .
7 students paticipated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students did n't memorize their script enough not to show it but still I thought they put in a lot of effort .
7 students participated in it and they were great ^ ^ Some students did n't memorize their script enough not to look it but still I thought they put in a lot of effort .
Topics were all different , global warming , internet game addiction , suicide and so on .
The topics were all different , global warming , internet game addiction , suicide and so on .
The topics were all different , global warming , internet game addiction , suicide and so on .
I could n't catch all the words that participants were speaking but I enjoyed it and it was really informative for me to listen to advice from judges .
I could n't catch all the words that participants were speaking but I enjoyed it and it was really informative for me to listen to the advices from the judges .
I could n't catch every word that the participants said but I enjoyed it and it was really informative for me to listen to advice from the judges .
Good night .

I like soymilk very much .
I often buy it in Shigezo .
It taste thick .
It tastes thick .

What Can We Do for Tohoku Region ?
What Can We Do for the Tohoku Region ?
On March 11th , Tohoku region was devastated by earthquake and washed away by Tsunami .
Up to now , the death toll reaches at least fifteen thousand and ten thousand people are still missing .
Up to now , the death toll has reached up to at least fifteen thousand , and ten thousand people are still missing .
Everyone would be really shocked by the horrible scene .
However , we have to make a gradual advance toward a revival .
Therefore , I would like to propose three plans that we university students can do for the region .
First of all , since we relatively afford to do a volunteer work because of long vacations in summer and spring , we should do so for them .
According to TV news , there is still a lot of debris in devastated area .
According to TV news , there is still a lot of debris in the devastated area .
That is , it is necessary to remove it immediately for revitalizing there .
, It is necessary to remove it immediately so reconstruction can begin .
In terms of this work , we will be able to do so without any knowledge .
Also , the region has a serious problem on education environment .
Also , the disaster had a serious impact on the education environment in that region .
Because of the chain of disaster , the children in the region have not got enough education .
Because of the chain of natural disasters , the children in the region have not been able to get enough education .
Therefore , since we have knowledge to teach them study to some extent , we will be able to provide the education with them .
Therefore , since we have knowledge , we can teach them and help them study to some extent ; we will be able to provide them with education .
In addition to the volunteer work , by taking other ways , we can also contribute to the revival .
Presently , the region is in the middle of a dire depression .
In order to pull the economy out of recession , it goes without saying that our corporation is necessary .
Let me introduce one example .
What we can do is to buy as many products made in the region as we can .
We can buy as many products made in the region as we can .
Thanks to that , the economic will be stimulated and people will be able to get new jobs .
Moreover , even if we do not have enough time to do such a volunteer work or do not afford to buy them a lot , you still have an option to help for them .
At the present , the companies carrying out Socially Responsible Investment or SRI become the center of public attention gradually .
At first , let me explain the SRI in detail .
First , let me explain the SRI in detail .
It is one of the strategies to not only sell products but also contribute to the society .
Until recently , most of Japanese people had chosen the product from their points of view such as quality , price and others .
However , in addition to the points , the factor of social contribution is being needed .
However , in addition to these points , social contribution should also be taken in account .
For instance , there are two clothing stores .
The former invest 100 yen per a cloth for Tohoku region .
The former invests 100 yen per piece of cloth for the Tohoku region .
Meanwhile , the latter does nothing about it .
If we buy the same kind of a cloth , we will buy it from the former .
If we plan on buying the same kind of a cloth , we will buy it from the former .
That is , by buying the products , we can easily donate and contribute to the development of society .
Therefore , if you want to do so , I would like you to find such companies carrying out SRI from variety industries .
Therefore , if you are interested , I would like you to find companies carrying out SRI
In conclusion , although it is seemingly difficult to contribute for Tohoku region , we can do it in some way or other .
Thus , through my presentation , I would like you to seriously think about what we can do for them .
This is my assignments at my university .
This is my assignment for my university
If you have time , please correct my mistake !
If you have time , please correct my mistakes !

use cell phone in school .
using cell phones in school
Why can ` t we use cell phone at high school .
Why can ` t we use cell phones at high school ?
Exactly , it is not good thing to use it .
Certainly , it is not good to use it
While the class time ,
during class time ,
but I think that there is no reason using cell phones during the rest time and commute .
but I think that there is no reason not to use cell phones during rest time and commute .

Nice to meet you .
I ca n't English well .
I ca n't speak English well .
But I can speak japanese .
I read many books .
I can good Correction .
I can give good corrections in Japanese .
I like JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE .

Sequel to Hayabusa
JAXA has completed the retrieval of the Hayabusa capsule at 16 : 08 June 14th , 2010 ( JST ) .
The capsule is deemed intact at the moment .
Wow , I 'm looking forward to it than World Cup game .
Wow , I 'm looking more forward to it than to the World Cup game .
Amazing ! !
This video linked below is awesome ! !
This TV program is very famous in Japan which name is `` Kin - chan no Kasotaisho ( How do I say in English . . .
This TV program is very famous in Japan . it is called `` Kin - chan no Kasotaisho `` ( How do I say in English . . .
Kinchan 's nationwide dress up contest ? ? ) `` .
In this video , multiple people performing together to form a skit of a girlfriend going crazy on her boyfriend .
In this video , multiple people are performing together to form a skit of a girlfriend going crazy on her boyfriend .
In this video , many people are working together to perform a skit of a girlfriend going crazy on her boyfriend .
She 's throwing water , plate , pizza , spaghetti etc .
She 's throwing water , a plate , pizza , spaghetti etc .
She 's throwing water , plate , pizza , spaghetti and many other things .
The video will take you back in time and show you the reason that she was mad .

But to shine
Coming home , my wife and I talked about people we met at the Sarah 's wedding .
Coming home , my wife and I talked about the people we met at Sarah 's wedding .
It 's been almost more than ten years since we got into the University but some does n't seem to be growing up .
It 's been nearly ten years since we got into the University , but some do n't seem to be growing up .
Oh , I might be asked whether I am growing .
It may be asked whether I am growing .
I surely can say ' yes , I am ' - at least ' yes , I did grow up in some area . ' Well , it 's not that I am proud of myself but thirsty for growing .
I surely can say ' yes , I am ' at least in some areas . Well , it 's not that I am proud of myself but I am hungry for growth .
I should be growing not to be arrogant but to shine .

Meeting Notes
I work as an assistant of a project manager team , and writing meeting notes is one of my main tasks .
I work as an assistant of a project management team , and writing meeting notes is one of my main tasks .
There is a meeting almost everyday , but it 's still hard for me to understand what they are talking about .
There is a meeting almost every day , but it 's still hard for me to understand what they are talking about .
That 's why , a voice recorder is my necessary item .
That 's why a voice recorder is a necessary item .
As is often the case with me , I get the action items and other important decisions after a meeting .
I might not be cut out for this job : (

What would you do if I said love .
What would you do if I said love .
I might have been so upset . . .

Status is good in Singapore
This is first working day in Singapore today .
Today is the first day to work in Singapore .
The result is no so bad .
The result is not so bad .
And food and life is good for me .
Food and life is good for me .
My English is still poor , but I can enjoy my life in Singapore .
I had a dinner at food - court .
I had a dinner at a food - court .
I said `` Can I have a take - out this ? `` .
I said `` Can I have a take - out of this ? `` .
I said `` Can I have this to - go ? `` .
( I do n't know this phrase is good or not )
( I do n't know if this phrase is right or not )
Then staff said `` take a way ? ``
Then the staff person said `` take a way ? ``
These are different ?
Are these different ?
The `` take a way `` is better than `` take - out `` ?
Anyone help my question .
Can anyone help me with my question ?

difficult !
Difficult !
Writting English dairy is first time to me .
This is my first time writing a diary in English .
So , I do n't write long dairy .
Because of this , I wo n't write a long dairy .
Korea is very cold .
I do n't go out .
I wo n't go out today .
I do n't like to go out .
hey ~ , How about the weather in you live ?
hey ~ , How about the weather where you live ?
Hey , how 's the weather where you live ?

Our sailing team
I 'm a grad school student now .
4
When I was a university student , I belonged to yacht club .
When I was a university student , I belonged to the yacht club .
When I was an undergrad , I belonged to yacht club .
When I was a university student , I belonged to a yacht club .
When I was an undergraduate , I belonged to a yacht club .
And now , I 'm a coach of the club .
4
Almost every members had not yachted before they joined our club .
Almost every member had not yachted before they joined our club .
Most of the current members had not been yachting before they joined our club .
Most members had not yachted before they joined our club .
Most members have never been yachting before they joined our club .
However , we have had a goal that we will place in national championship .
However , we have had a goal that we will win a place in the national championship .
However , we have a goal that is for our club l to be placed in the national championship .
However , our goal is to place in the national championship .
We have not achieved the goal , but we will have challenged the goal .
We have not achieved the goal but we will challenge it .

Standing bar
I went to standing bars once a week or two .
I go to standing bars once or twice a week .
I like standing bars than normal because it is cheeper and I can communicate other customer .
I like standing bars more than regular bars because it is cheaper and I can communicate with other customers .
Sometimes there are foreigners in standing bars , and I get a chance that I talk them .
Sometimes there are foreigners at standing bars , and I get a chance to talk to / with them .
This is my motivation to study English .
I want to talk them more .

The Trip Plan
Some of my friends , namely H and F , and I had made a plan to go on 2 days trip to Sendai during the 5 successive holidays , from September 19th to 23rd .
Some of my friends , namely H and F , and I had made plans to go on a 2 - day trip to Sendai during the long 5 - day weekend , from September 19th to the 23rd .
Yesterday F sent e - mail to H and me .
Yesterday F sent an e - mail to H and me .
According to F 's e - mail , F suddenly will have to make a business trip from September 20th , and F requested us to modify the trip plan during September 22nd and 23rd .
According to F 's e - mail , F suddenly had to make a business trip from September 20th , and F asked us to reschedule the trip to September 22nd and 23rd .
But , unfortunately , H will have to go to the office on September 23rd .
That is to say , our plan fell through .
So we made again a plan to go to Odawara for a day on September 22nd .
So we made plans again to go to Odawara for a day on September 22nd .
I really think that we ca n't mad thinks to have our own way easily .

Far , a long long way to run
It takes around 2 hours to come to school with train .
It takes around 2 hours to get to school by train .
So in the train , I do somethings like reading a book , listning the music and so on .
So in the train , I do things like read a book , listen to music and so on .
I was checking email , studying and then sleeping today .
I checked my email , studyed and then slept today .
In addition , I 'm also wring my journal !
In addition , I 'm also writing in my journal !
Learning English
I have started learning English at the age of 13 which was a junior high school student in Japan .
I started learning English at the age of 13 which is the age of junior high school students in Japan .
Since there was not many foreigners in my city at that time , I felt learning English was really fresh .
Since there were not many foreigners in my city at that time , I felt learning English was really fresh .
Since there was not many foreigners in my city at that time , I felt learning English was really . new ( or exciting ) .
English was my favorite class .
I graduated from university , at the same time , I quit studying English .
I graduated from university , and at the same time , I quit studying English .
However , I restarted studying English for my better life since I do understood how English is important in the global society .
However , I restarted studying English to improve my life since I understand how English is important in a global society .
However , I recently started studying English again to improve myself since I ( now ) understood how important English is in this global society .

TOEFL integrated writing 3
Both the reading passage and the lecturer in the listening part refer to a question that dinosaurs are warm - blooded reptiles or not .
Both the reading passage and the lecturer in the listening part refer to a question that dinosaurs are either warm - blooded reptiles or not .
The reading passage argues that dinosaurs are like today 's mammals and birds are warm - blooded animals , but the lecturer holds an opposite point of view and maintains this theory is not very persuasive .
The reading passage argues that dinosaurs are like today 's mammals and birds , warm - blooded animals , but the lecturer holds an opposite point of view and maintains that this theory is not very persuasive .
First of all , the lecturer indicates that how to identify the four - chambered - heart fossil , a conclusive evidence can prove dinosaurs are warm - blooded , is the remains of dinosaurs or other mammals is a main problem .
He refutes what is cited in the reading passage that the fossil in South Dakota in 1993 is the evidence that can support that theory .
He refutes what is cited in the reading passage ; the fossil in South Dakota in 1993 is the evidence that can support that theory .
As far as he knows , all of the fossil records , dinosaurs and mammals usually mix together in the sea bed .
The lecturer 's second point is that dinosaurs do not have to adapt unstable climate as how snakes and lizards do today .
The lecturer 's second point is that dinosaurs do not have to adapt unstable climate , such as how snakes and lizards do today .
Contrary to what is mentioned in the reading passage that only warm - blooded animals can survive from the fickle temperature at that time , he opines that the weather at that time is relatively moderate than today 's , meaning that there is no extremely shift between high and low in temperature .
Contrary to what is mentioned in the reading passage , that only warm - blooded animals can survive from the fickle temperature at that time , he opines that the weather at that time was relatively moderate than today 's , meaning that there was no extreme shift between high and low in temperature .
Besides , the fast - changing weather temperature was never been recorded .
Besides , the fast - changing weather temperature was never recorded .
Last but not the least , the lecturer contends that big body size do not necessarily mean that having a warmed - blood system .
Last but not the least , the lecturer contends that a big body size does not necessarily mean having a warmed - blood system .
He agrees with the opinion of the reading passage that giant body needs a constant body temperature ; however , he believes dinosaurs like big sea turtles have a low ration of surface to volume , which can reduce heat - losing , and that is able to keep them in a stable body temperature .
He agrees with the opinion of the reading passage that giant body needs a constant body temperature ; however , he believes dinosaurs like big sea turtles have a low ration of surface to volume , which can reduce heat - loss , and that is able to keep them in a stable body temperature .

Recently , I often watch `` FRIENDS `` , American drama series .
Recently , I 've been watching `` FRIENDS `` , an American drama series .
For fun and for studying English .
Some magazines recomended FRIENDS for English learning .
Some magazines recomended watching FRIENDS to learn English ,
Because , its wording is not so difficult and they speak natural English .
Because its wording is not difficult and they speak natural English .
As a matter of fact , it is easier to listen to and understand what they say
As a matter of fact , it is easier to listen to and understand what the actors say
than other dramas such as `` BONES `` ( in which there are too many technical terms ) .
than in other dramas such as `` BONES `` ( in which there are too many technical terms ) .
And I enjoy it very much because the story itself is very funny .
I also enjoy it very much because the plot itself is very funny .
But one problem , , ,
However , there is one problem . . .
Jokes are sometimes very difficult , especially blue jokes .
The jokes are sometimes very difficult to understand , especially the blue jokes .
They require us to have cultual backgrounds or unique vocabulary .
They require us to have the approrpaite cultual background or understand unique vocabulary .
It reminds me of an episode .
This reminds me of an anecdote / incident .
When I took part in a social party with business partners ,
a man told a joke but I only saw him blankly .
a man told a joke but I just stared at him blankly .
I could understand what he said , but I could n't understand what is the laghable point .
In the future , when I will be able to enjoy every jokes in FRIENDS ,
In the future , when I can enjoy every joke in FRIENDS ,
it 's the time I really acquire English skills .
I really will have acquire English skills .

Hi everyone
I 'm Aki .
I want to study English .
but English is very difficult for me ! !
but English ( it ) is very difficult for me ! !

I 'm going to take a TOEIC test
I 'd like to challenge to take a TOEIC test .
I 'd like to challenge myself to take the TOEIC test .
My friends is always taking a TOEIC test every time .
She said that she like to take a TOEIC test because she get a lot of energy from taking a TOEIC test .
She said that she likes to take the TOEIC test because she get a lot of energy from taking it .
She has been studying English for 3 hour a day .
She has been studying English for 3 hours a day .
That 's great .
I ca n't study English for a long hour .
I ca n't study English for even an hour .
Even if I have time to study English I will not study English .
Even if I have time to study English I will simply not do it .
Lately I often watch videos from YouTube .
I 'm learning English from them .

The bath time
A few days ago I bought a CD and radio player .
A few days ago I bought a CD and a radio player .
It is waterproof .
I wanted to listeng music in the bath room .
I wanted to listen some music in the bath room .
So I 've craved for it for long time , and finally I got it !
I was happy !
It 's getting colder and colder .
Full - fledged winter has come in Japan .
So I 'm feeling like to spending happy bath time to warm body .
So I 'm feeling like spending a happy bath time to warm body .
So I feel like I want to spend some happy time soaking in the bath to warm up my body
( not only having a shower , but being into the tab fulled warm water )
( not only having a shower , but soaking in a full tab of warm water )
That is the reason why I wanted it .
In the bath room I listen to music , sing songs , and sometime dance to the music in the tab .
The way to spend my bath time is funny , is n't it ! ?
It 's funny how I spend my bath time , is n't it ?
Decided school
Decided on a school
Today , I finished trial lesson at last .
Today , I finished the trial lesson at last .
And I decided language school .
And I decided on a language school .
I choose of school is a LSC .
My choice of school is LSC .
Other school was almost very lively and comfortable .
But LSC was some different .
But LSC was different .
I felt tension in the school .
I like to feel tension .
So I choose LSC .
Tomorrow , I going to go Rogers stadium to watch the major league games .
I do n't have watched the major league game .
I have never watched a major league game .
I 'm already exiting .
I wonder to coming tomorrow early .
Good night .

Sweet mother of pearl ? ?
Hi , my friends .
I do n't understand the phrase `` Sweet mother of pearl `` .
Could you explain the meaning and give me some example of usage ?
Could you explain the meaning and give me some examples of its usage ?
Could you explain its meaning and give me some examples of its usage ?
Thanks .

TOEFL writing - awaits your revisement !
TOEFL writing awaits your revision ! !
From my perspective , I strongly disagree with the statement that the help from government is often not necessary since most people can solve their problems by themselves or with the help from their families .
I strongly disagree that the help from government is often not necessary since most people can solve their problems by themselves or with the help of their families .
On the contrary with the statement , I believe that even people may receive helps somewhere else , the helps from government , in some cases , is what citizens need most , because of government 's authorities and tremendous powers .
On the contrary ( or In contrary ) , I believe that even if people receive help somewhere else , the help from government , in some cases , is what citizens need most , because of government 's tremendous powers .
Besides , offering various helps is a government 's obligatoriness , no matter such help would be regarded as unnecessary or not .
Besides , offering various help is a government 's obligation , whether it ` s necessary or not .
First of all , since government has tremendous power in managing the country and intervening international affairs , the help offered by government could be something can not be offered by individual 's strength , like environment protection , national defence system and disaster relief .
I still remember the deadly earthquake happened in Sichuan , China in 2008 , which exceeded magnitude 8 . 0 , and made that little town suddenly a living hell .
In that kind of situation , can one expect helps from families or friends which may at the same time suffered either ?
Government 's aid was what they need and only need at that time .
Fortunately , just 90 minutes after the earthquake , Premier Wen Jiabao flew to the earthquake area to oversee the rescue work .
Soon afterwards , over 10 emergency medical teams and 50000 troops were dispatched to help with disaster relief work .
I should say , everyone who has been through that period in China may never say that help from government is not necessary , because we saw the efforts government exerted on rescue and its amazing effects .
From the bottom of my heart I felt that when facing macro issues , government is much more a reliable source than weak individuals .
Besides , I do believe that offering various helps to its citizens is a government 's obligatoriness , no matter some people would think such helps are unnecessary or not .
First , because of diversity of demographic distribution , people is in various different needs .
What you perceive as unnecessary could be exactly what others desperately long for .
So , there could be always sounds shouting the that the helps offered by government are unnecessary , but that will not be the reason government stops offering help .
Furthermore , offering helps and securing just rights , those are what the government was built up for .
The Declaration of Independence once indicated that men are endowed with unalienable rights that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of Happiness .
That to secure these rights , government are instituted among men .
So government is with inborn responsibility to secure citizens ' right and therefore offer helps .
However , it should also be admitted that , although helps from government are with tremendous powers and effects , some problems involving private feelings or interpersonal relationships are better to be solved by families and friends .
Take myself as an example , last semester I broke up with my boyfriend and I got so upset that I locked myself in my room .
It was my sister 's persuasions on daily bases that brought me out of that hazy days .
In situation like that , helps from government could , in some degree , be seemed like unnecessary .
In conclusion , although most people can solve their problems by themselves or with the help from their families , the help from government , in most situations , should not be regarded as unnecessary , since government could offer helps that can not be offered by individual strength and it is governments inborn responsibility to do so .

I waked up 4 : 00 a . m . to go to the sea to surf this morning , but the waves were too small to surf .
I woke up at 4 : 00 a . m . to go surfing this morning , but the waves were too small .
I intended to surf before job , but I can not .
I intended to surf before going to work , but I could not .
I did n't have time to go back to my home , so I slept in the car .
Because I slept in the car , I could not sleep well .
That is why , I am sleepy now .
After the job , I intended to surf again , but it is wndy .
After work , I intended to surf again , but it was windy .
So I did not go to the sea .
Thease days , I did not surf .
Recently , I have n't been surfing .
If I go to work 4 days , there is 9 - day weekend .
After I work 4 more days , there is 9 - day weekend .
I can not wait it .
I ca n't wait .
Good night !

Join LAng - 8 !
I just join Lang - 8 !
I just joined Lang - 8 !
I just joined Lang - 8 !
I 'm not sure how to use Lung - 8 yet .
I 'm not sure how to use Lang - 8 yet .
I 'm not sure how to use Lang - 8 yet .
I 've studied English in Canada since this mounth !
I 've started studying English in Canada this month !
I 've studied English in Canada since this month !
my English is poor but I 'll study hard .
My English is poor , but I 'll study hard .

This is my first day !
I just found this site today .
That 's why it is my first day today .
That 's why it is my first time today .
Also , it is the first day in Februalry .
Spring is next to me : - )
It seems very helpful for me .
It seems very helpful
It seems very helpful to me .
I hope I keep using it .
I hope I can keep using it .
I hope I 'll keep using this site .
Last night , I went to sushi bar with my coworkers and owner .
Last night , I went to sushi bar with my coworkers and boss ( ? ) .
Last night , I went toa sushi bar with the owner andmy coworkers .
It was great time .
Thatwas a great time .
We had a great time .
I learned many things from them .
I learned a lot from them .
In Japan , when you have a toast , you have to care about your situation .
In Japan , when you are going to make a toast , you have to pay attension to your position .
In Japan , when you make a toast , you have to think about your situation .
If you were youngest , your glass should be little lower than others .
If youare the younger one , your glass should be a little lower than the others ' .
If you were the youngest , your glass should bea littlebit lower than the others .
It is the way to survive in buseness situation my boss said .
It is the way to survive in business my boss said .
Actually , I do n't wanna be a buseness person : - (
OMG ~ it 's raining outside .
I do n't wanna go out , so just watch movies today !
I do n't wanna go out , so just watching movies today !

skin care !
My skin is not so good .
My skin is not good .
My skin is not so good .
I often go to dermatology or take a skin care .
I often go to dermatology clinics or use skin care products .
I really want that my skin become smooth !
I really want my skin to become smooth !
I really want my skin to become smooth !
These days , it is so cold .
Unfortunately my skin become dry , dry and dry . . . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! T .
Unfortunately my skin has become dry , dry and dry . . . ! ! ! ! ! !
Unfortunately my skin is becoming dry , dry and dry . . . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! T .
I have a cold with running nose and headache .
I have colds with runny nose and headache .
Terrible days . .
please tip your skin care way ^ ^

Why Vietnam should n't reinforce the two - child policy any more .
Vietnam needs to maintain its young population structure to have enough human power for development .
Vietnam has the golden population now but it will not last long .
On the other hand , according to a recent research , Vietnam population is getting old faster than any other country .
On the other hand , according to recent research , Vietnam 's population is getting old faster than any other country .
Moreover , this policy does n't work effectively in Vietnam .
Whenever you want to have another child , you suffer just a little financial punishment and that 's ok .
The fine is affordable with most of Vietnamese families and it 's not a deterrent .

It 's unexpectedly difficult to correct a japanese
It 's unexpectedly difficult to correct japanese
It 's unexpectedly difficult to correct Japanese
Today , I corrected some of japanese entry .
Today , I corrected some japanese entries .
but , It 's unexpectedly difficult .
but , it 's unexpectedly difficult to correct
Because Japanese have various expressions on one text .
The reason is that Japanese has various expressions in one text .
That make me think if it is OK .
By the way ,
By the way ,
I was amazed that there are many japanese entry .
I was amazed that there are many japanese entries .
I was amazed that there are so many Japanese entries .
It 's wonderful to me .
I think it 's wonderful .
To me , it 's wonderful .
I think that Interesting so different civilization is very great to understand together for more happy .
I think that taking an interest in such a different civilization is a very great way for us to understand eachother better , and be happier .
I have to learn the Japanese for getting mutual understanding .

please do n't pile up dishes
Please do n't pile up the dishes
I love my wife .
I married her thirteen years ago .
She is very heart - warmed person .
She is a very warm - hearted person .
But she is n't good at housework , especially washing dishes .
But she is n't good at housework , especially washing the dishes .
Yesterday a lot of used dishes were piled up at a kitchen and I could n't bear those left for a day .
Yesterday a lot of used dishes were piled up on the kitchen sink and I could n't bear those left for a day .
So it urged me to wash dishes and I dealt them roughly with anger .
So it urged me to wash the dishes and dealt with them roughly with anger .
10 minutes later , my wife came across to me and showed me a white cup .
10 minutes later , my wife came across me and showed me a white cup .
The edge of the cup was chipped .
She told it was presented by her grandmother who was already dead .
She told me that it was given to her by her grandmother who was already dead .
She told it was a present from her grandmother who had passed away .
Then she weeped .
I could n't say anything to console her .

My last school year
My summer holidays ends and school will start again tomorrow .
How sad ! : (
I wish my summer holidays could be longer !
To be honest , I am not very motivated .
My nummer holidays were to short , as usual ; - )
My summer holidays were too short , as usual ; - )
Next year will get more difficult , so I have to push myself more !
The reason why my school starts on Thuesday is , pupils with the grade 5 in their school reports can make a test about the whole last year to get in the next higher class .
The reason why my school starts on Thursday is , pupils with the grade 5 in their school reports can make a test about the whole last year to get in the next higher class .
Otherwise they must repeat the last school year .
The test is very hard and many pupils learn their whole summer holidays to pass the test .
I wish them good luck !
So , what is new in the new school year ?
I am going to a technical higher school .
I am learing Electronics with Informatics and Computertechniques .
I am learning Electronics with Informatics and Computer techniques .
That means I learn how to build software and hardware for computers .
But I have also subjects as History , Economy , Physics and so on .
The austrian schools are very univerally that we know from everything a little .
The Austrian schools are very universally that we know from everything a little .
Next year is my last year on that school .
In the second part of the school year , the so called `` Matura `` test is waiting for me .
It is our school leaving examination .
It consists many technical acknowledgements , but also subjects as German , English and Economy will be asked .
It consists many technical acknowledgments , but also subjects as German , English and Economy will be asked .
But that the hardest and the most fearsome test is the `` FTKL Project `` ( translated in english : Manufacturing and Construction Doctrine ) .
But that the hardest and the most fearsome test is the `` FTKL Project `` ( translated in English : Manufacturing and Construction Doctrine ) .
It deals with computer software and hardware .
We get the work order and then we 40 hours time to finish it in one week .
It requires everything we learned in the whole five years going to that school .
That will be my most stressful week in my life ! . . .
After passing all tests , I can decide to start working or go to an universaty .
After passing all tests , I can decide to start working or go to a university .
( Austrian school system is a bit different than the rest of the world I think )
But I think I will choose working , because I am already sick of studying > . <
But I think I will choose working because I am already sick of studying > . <
Addionally , after 2 years work experience , I will get automatically the title `` Engineer `` .
Additionally , after 2 years work experience , I will get automatically the title `` Engineer `` .
So long , I hope my last school year will be great and I hope will pass all tests !

getting an idea of the website
I kind of thought that , as long as I write something in english , someone correct my english while sleeping .
I kind of thought that , as long as I write something in English , someone would correct my English while sleeping .
but I guess thats too good to be true .
but I guess that 's too good to be true .
and thats kind of sad coz this is about interacting with real person .
That 's kind of sad because this is about interacting with real people ,
not with computer programs .
I guess I have to take an action in order to find someone to correct my english ?
I guess I have to take action in order to find someone to correct my English ?
yeah let me find someone who needs my help .
Yeah , let me find someone who needs my help .
someone who is studying japanese in this case ?
Someone who is studying Japanese in this case ?
alright where are they ?
All right , where are they ?
can I just say hello to them ?
Can I just say hello to them ?
or add them ?
Or add them ?
hmm . . .
isnt it kind of awkward .
Is n't it kind of awkward ?
you dont have to correct my english .
You do n't have to correct my English .
just tell me how to use this website first !
Just tell me how to use this website first !

My friend is coming : D
My best friend is coming from Japan in a week .
My best friend is coming from Japan in a weeks time .
She is the first person who visits me since I came to Australia .
She is the first person to visit me since I came to Australia .
She is only staying here for 3 days .
It 's not very long , still , I am so excited to see her .
It 's not very long , but still , I am so excited to be seeing her .
We went to the same high school and went to the different colleges .
We went to the same high school but went to different colleges .
She is now working the same bank as I was working .
She is now working for the same bank that I was working for .
It 's acrtually a 5 - day trip .
However , the first day , she is just leaving Japan late in the evening and the last day , She needs to take an early flight so We have got three full days off .
However , on the first day , she is just leaving Japan late in the evening , and on the last day , she needs to take an early flight , so , we have got three full days off together .
I have been thinking where to take her .
We have a lot to talk about too since I have n't seen her for 7 months .
I wonder if 3 days are enough .
I wonder if 3 days will be enough .
I hope the weather is good while she is here .
That will be so much fun ! !

Have n't seen long time
I have left this site so long time . . .
So I was surprized at changing this site ! !
So I was surprised at how much it 's changed ! !
I 'm enjoying my summer horiday , but I have a lot things to do .
I 'm enjoying my summer vacation , but I have a lot of things to do .
First , I must do my homework .
First , I must do my homework .
We have a task to write `` considering of a book `` .
We have an assignment to write a book review .
I 'm really not good at writing this since I was a erementary school student !
I like reading books , but I hate this homework !
I like reading books , but I hate this homework !
I do n't know what to write . . .
I do n't know what to write . . .
Tomorrow , my childhood friends comes to my home .
Tomorrow , my childhood friends are coming for a visit .
We are to go karaoke .
We are going to the karaoke .
We may play the game .
So , I will not be able to do my homework tomorrow .
So , I wo n't be able to do my homework tomorrow .
I 'll study by now . . .
I 'll start studying right now . . .

Born to be wildCURRY .
I made them for my birthday .
Chicken Curry , Safran rice with Japanese Ume apricot , Mixed dried fruits Nan , Peppermint chai with Cinnamon and Shochu , Japanese sweetpotato wine with Kabosu , Oita prefecture 's fruit just like lemon .
Chicken Curry , Saffron rice with Japanese pickled plum , mixed dried fruits Nan , peppermint chai with cinnamon and shochu , Japanese sweet potato wine with kabosu , an Oita prefecture produced fruit that is just like a lemon .

Getting busy
I 'm getting busy at work day by day .
I want to sleep more , but at the same time , I want to learn English more .
I 'd like to sleep more , but at the same time , I want to learn English more .
I think there are too many things I want to do .
I 'm trying to do all things if possible .
I 'm trying to do everything if it 's possible .
I wonder if I can manage to do it .

im so tired of life > <
Today , is same as anyother day . . .
school school school , , , when I can get out of school .
Everyone is pushing me so hard , and I feel a lot of pessure .
I cant wait till the day when I look back of myself . . .
But today I learn some new things too , I learn a few korean alphabet . . .
I hope I can write it on here soon ^ ^

I am beating now
My heart is beating now
I noticed my feeling .
I am beating since yesterday .
It has been beating since yesterday .
The reason why I am so is my close friend will something gift to me for my study English .
The reason why I am so is that my close friend has given me a gift for my English study .
I am sure , that is making me happy .
But may be I have get first experience .
But may be I have to get first experience .
So I am beating .
So my heart is beating .
And I present with me that new experience .
Let 's enjoy Mamo !
yes I do !
It will be happy . . . .

I received a very sad news from my friend in Tokyo .
I received some very sad news from my friend in Tokyo .
She is one of my close friends who are painters .
According to her , one of our classmates in our painting school died because of a cancer .
According to her , one of our classmates in our painting school died because of cancer .
Actually , I talked to her last month .
Actually , I talked to her just last month .
At that time she seemed to be fine .
So , I did n't know that she had been suffering from the disease .
To be honest with you , I did n't like her because she was the person who said whatever was on her mind .
To be honest with you , I did n't like her because she was the kind of person who said whatever was on her mind .
So , I was weak in her .
So , I was weak around her .
When I chatted with her last time , it was my first time to see her in six months .
When I chatted with her last time , it was my first time to have seen her in six months .
Although I did n't realize , my friend told me that she had been in hospital for a while .
I live in far from Tokyo , so I can not attend her funeral .
I live far from Tokyo , so I can not attend her funeral .
However , I would love to pray for her .
I guess I will feel sad when I will see her posthumous work at our painting school .

My Runny Nose
Latterly , I 've had a runny nose .
Lately , I 've had a runny nose .
Lately , I 've had a runny nose .
Sneeze seems to be my routine .
Sneezing seems to be my routine .
I always sneeze day and night .
I sneeze all day and night .
In fact , I am allergic to cold air so every time , if someone switch on the AC , I will sneeze later .
In fact , I am allergic to cold air , so every time someone switches on the AC , I will sneeze later .
In fact , I am allergic to cold air , so every time someone switches on the AC , I sneeze .
But this time , the reason why I sneeze all the day is not only cold air .
A few days ago , I plucked the hair in my nose as it was too long .
A few days ago , I plucked my nose hair because it was too long .
Maybe , I assume that I hurt the cell of my noise wall .
Maybe I hurt the inside of my nose .
The most exaggerated thing is that the tissue I used to blow my nose become moist towelette .
The most exaggerated thing is the tissue I used to blow my nose became a moist towelette .
I know that it was very disgusting .
But I wonder if it can be cured with time .
I wonder if it can be cured with time .

English Education in Japan
When I was a secondary student , two teachers taught us English at the school .
When I was a secondary ( school ) student , two teachers taught us English at the school .
Mainly , Japasene teacher taught English grammers , accents and various words .
Mainly , Japanese teacher taught English grammer , accents and various words .
Mainly , Japanese teacher taught English grammar , accents and various words .
Mainly , a Japanese teacher taught English grammar , accents and various words ( / vocabulary ) .
Another teacher who came from English speaking country ( maybe The U .
Another teacher who came from an English speaking country ( maybe the U .
S or Canada , I forgot ) helped the Japanese one teach us accents .
I had never met a foreigner then , as I lived in a small town in Japan .
I had never met a foreigner until then , as I lived in a small town in Japan .
I was really interested in her and , I wanted to talk with her in English .
However , the English class was carried out in Japanese !
The Japanese teacher talked and talked to us in Japanese whole the class .
The Japanese teacher talked and talked to us in Japanese for the whole class .
I did nothing but writing down what the teacher explained .
I did nothing except for writing down what the teacher explained .
The English teacher sat down benignly beside the main teacher because she could n't understand Japanese .
Apparently that was standard English class in Japan in those days .
I wish English class in Japan became more creative now .

Pets at home
I 'd alweys like to have a pet at home .
I always wanted to have a pet at home .
My mother was very sceptic to this idea , but my father fullfilled my dream and bought me bautiful dog : ) I was very happy and I spent almost all the time with my Friend .
My mother was very sceptic of this idea , but my father fullfilled my dream by buying me a beautiful dog . I was very happy , and I spent almost all my time with my Friend . : )
But one day my dog disapeard and I ca n't find him anywhere .
But one day my dog disappeared , and now I ca n't find him anywhere .
Now I miss to my Friend and look for him through the window every day . . .
I miss my Friend . I look for him through the window every day . . .

nice to meet you ,
I am ayami ' , a university student of Japan .
ayami ' is my screen name and real name is Aya .
ayami ' is my screen name and my real name is Aya .
maybe I use both here . . .
maybe I 'll use both here . . .
my major is English and American diplomacy & history .
I major in English and American diplomacy & history .
I am going to go to the university of Georgia from this August .
I am going to the university of Georgia this August .
so I should improve my poor English as soon as possible !
I am not good at using casual english , so please correct my english .
if you are studying Japanese , I can help you ^ ^
today it was soooo cold and had a lot of snow in Osaka .
today , it was soooo cold and there were a lot of snow in Osaka .
so I have been at home all day and listened the new album of David Guetta ! ^ ^
so I have been at home all day listening to the new album of David Guetta ! ^ ^
he is one of my favorites and this album is also fantastic ! ^ ^
I like `` Revolver ft .
Madonna , Lil ' Wayne `` the best !
of course others are also good ^ ^
I wonder which musician is popular in the world now . . .
can I catch up with conversations in the US ? ? ?
it 's already 2 : 11 a . m . !
I have to get up early tomorrow morning !
good night ^ ^
when I wander around the net ,
I find nice books .
I always search the collection of books of the library and make a reservation in such a case if the collection of books is found .
Those books are already rented by someone , so
I can not borrow it even if it already pass three or four months .
I can not borrow it even if it has already been checked out for three or four months .
to make matters worse ,
To make matters worse ,
such book are become possible to have the same time .
I have been made to borrow a book from six books at once in all today after all .
I have been made to borrow six books all in one day .
All these are slightly severe there for two weeks .
All these are slightly severe there for two weeks . ( ? )
But was the book which wants to all read .
But it was the book which everyone wants to read .
And I do not return it without reading it .
I want to finish reading it somehow .

19th Jul , 2009
Hi , Samaa !
How are you today ?
Did you study hard ? : - )
I guess I know that medical jargon is very difficult .
My younger sister was majored in biochemistry and I see it 's hard to study too .
There is nothing easy in the world . : - )
Your birthday is past .
I will congraturate starting next year .
I will congratulate you starting next year .
On my birthiday , my friends arange the party , we gather together and then drink .
I do n't like drinking very well but I say hello , he says let 's drink if you have a time .
I do n't like drinking very much but I say hello , and he says let 's ( have a ) drink if you have time .
Always , whenever . . .
Although I do n't like drinking , I like meeting the friends .
Although I do n't like drinking , I like meeting my friends .
So I alway participate in it .
Well , how do you usually spend your birthday ?
I 'll will cheer you on .
I 'll cheer you on .
Bye until the next email .
From your friend .

Nice to meet you .
I 'm Galle .
My name `` Galle `` is named from a beauty salon I go to .
My name `` Galle `` is named after a beauty salon I go to .
I am a student at Japanese university .
I am a student at a Japanese university .
I want to go abroad because I love English .
But my English is bad especially about speaking , so I can have no word whenever I try to speak in English !
But my English is bad especially when it comes to speaking , so I can have no words whenever I try to speak in English !
So , I want to study ' English of the moment ' in this website .
So , I want to study modern English on this website .
I 'll write diaries as possible as I can .
I 'll write diaries as much as I can / as much as possible .
Please check my mistakes !
Please correct my mistakes !
Thank you for reading .

Nice to meet you .
Today , I start Lang - 8 .
Today , I 've started Lang - 8 .
My english level is like a baby . . .
My English level is like a baby . . .
but , I want to be Talking without Translator with Friends !
at first , I study word !
To begin with , I 'll study some words !
and try some Correction !
And try some corrections !
Thank you .

I will take the tofel next weeken ! oh my god .
I will take the TOEFL next weekend ! Oh my god !
althougt I am not good at english actually , but I just want to try and to know what level I am .
Although I am not good at English actually , but I just want to try and to know what level I am .
I feel nervours because it is the first time I take it .
I feel nervous because this is the first time I will take it .
hope it will go well
I hope it will go well !

I was met with my friend last night .
I met with my friend last night .
We didn ' meet for a long time .
We had n't met for a long time .
My friend is working on bank and I am studying examination .
My friend is working at a bank and I am studying for exams .
I was very nice to see her .
It was very nice to see her .
We were talking about many things .
We talked about many things .
She has been toughing to work but looking for something special .
It has been tough for her to work but she is looking for something special .
Like her dreams in her mind .
Something like what she dreams of .
I delighted her 's word I told her `` Girls to be ambitions . `` Wow ! !
Also I do my best to come true for my dreams .
Also I do my best to make my dreams come true .
I thought that dreams come true is difficult and need to hard effort .
I think that making dreams come true is difficult and needs hard work .
I thought that I was read one of book at a library .
I thought that as I was reading a book at a library .
`` Dream is eating beads of sweat ( your effort ) , not a rainbow . ``
`` Dream is eating beads of sweat ( your effort ) , not a rainbow . ``

Twilight and Languages
Check out my blog on tips for learning languages : URL
You can subscribe to my blog 's RSS feed if you want to have easier access to my new articles .
Just click here : URL
This is a shortened version of an article I 'll be posting on my blog soon .
It 's somewhat related to `` Learning German . `` Click here : URL
to read this blog post .
A couple of days ago , I watched Twilight ( the first movie ) in English .
I had attempted to listen to the book in the past , but I just did n't like it .
That 's why I was surprised when I realized that the movie * is * worth watching .
It 's easy enough to understand , and it 's quite entertaining to watch .
It was easy enough to understand and quite entertaining to watch .
The movie is suitable for a young audience ( 10 - year - old kids and up ) so you can even watch it with your little sister ( in a foreign language , of course ! )
I do n't really like the second one , though .
New Moon is kind of boring .

I hurt my boyfriend .
I hurt my boyfriend 's feelings .
I could n't stand his attitude and I said to him really bad words through an email .
I could n't stand his attitude and I sent him really bad words through an email .
`` I know we have different valus and thoughts ,
`` I know we have different values and thoughts ,
but this is the worst person to ignore the question what you 're asking .
but this is the worst person to ignore the question of what they 're asking .
I did the same thing when I was in school and I know how painful that is .
So I try to react no matter who I like or not .
So I try not to react no matter who I like or not .
But , you know , there 's a person like that never care of others .
But , you know , there 's a person like that who never cares for others .
I felt this from a certain person yesterday so I was so sad . ``
It was about him but I never referred that because I just want him to
It was about him but I never referred to that because I just wanted him to
notice something .
After sending this email I felt better , although he did n't reply anything .
After sending the email I felt better , although he did n't reply .
In the evening I found that he had disappered .
In the evening I found out that he had disappeared .
I took around I found him in a book room , and he was arranged . ( We 're going to move another building nearby this month of 13th . ) I spoke to him , he seemed to get angry .
I looked around and I found him in a book room , and he was arranging it . ( We 're going to move another building this month of 13th . ) I spoke to him , he seemed to get angry .
`` Was that mail about me ? ``
I denied what he said .
He seemed to be crying because I noticed that his eyes out .
He seemed to be crying because I noticed that his eyes teared up .
I realized my words injured his mind . . .
I realized my words hurt his feelings . . .
It might be strange to say , I did n't want to hurt him .
I just wanted to notice my heart .
I just wanted him to notice my heart .
He was apparently got down and I proposed going to dinner .
He was apparently down and I proposed going to dinner .
I just wanted to talk to him .
We needed to talk each other yesterday .
We needed to talk to each other yesterday .
If we misunderstand each other , that would lead us break up .
If we misunderstood each other , that would lead us to a break up .
He 's really important to me and I did n't want to lose him .
I talked to him my true feeling that I have felt these days .
I spoke to him about my true feelings that I have felt these days .
I tried just to be honest and open my thoughts .
I tried to be honest and share my thoughts .
And then , he told me his true feelings .
He was always care about what he did to me , and sometimes he felt sorry for me .
He has always cared what he did to me , and sometimes he felt sorry for me .
And he said to me , `` I was going to break with you , actually . `` Just jokking , but when I heard this , I realized that how bad thing I did for him .
And he said to me , `` I was going to break up with you , actually . `` Just joking , but when I heard this , I realized how mean I was to him . .
What I was thinking for him was always my egoism , and when I saw his tears , I was really ashamed of myself .
I realized that I was being really selfish , and when I saw his tears , I was really ashamed of myself .
When I broke friendship with a boy friend in college , he said to me , `` you 're always thinking about yourself .
When I broke up a friendship with a boy friend in college , he said to me , `` you 're always thinking about yourself .
Is there time to think what I feel when heard what you said ? `` After all I could n't heal relations with him after all at that time .
This was one of the biggest depressed experience for my life and since then I tried to keep my mind about this .
This was one of the most depressing experience in my life and since then I tried to keep that in mind about this .
Even if I loved him in word , I did n't trust him from hearts of my hearts .
Even if I loved him I really , did n't trust him from the bottom of my heart .
I always want his reply , and reaction because I want to find out his thoughts , views and values .
I 've always wanted his reply , and reaction because I want to find out his thoughts , views and values .
But after all ,
that 's painful for him to do that .
This matter was bad things from one aspect , but somehow I 'm reliefed
Even though , this was bad somehow I 'm still relieved
to talk to him my thoughts .
to tell him about my thoughts
It might be difficult to share our thoughts
each other but if we try to know each other all the time , I believe we can make good relationship with each other .
Thanks for reading .

Fortunetelling
I went to Fortunetelling last night with my friends .
I went to a fortuneteller last night with my friends .
The fortuneteller was a woman and she said that she can see angels .
I was surprised to hear that .
Because I did n't believe in angels until yesterday , but I turn to believe those existing after her story .
And I got a nice information about my future .
And I got nice information about my future .
I appreciate that .
I want to go there again .

What we should do now .
Recently Japanese tend to say that It 's inconsiderable to having an event or festival or kinds of things .
Recently , Japanese tend to say that it 's inconsiderate to have an event or festival or such kinds of things .
I understand why they say but Do they understand It will make sufferers of earthquake facing even harder situation .
I understand why they would say so , but do they not realize it will make sufferers of the earthquake face an even harder situation ?
Self - censore an event makes economy decline .
Self - censoring an event makes economy decline .
Declined economy makes people unhappy including sufferers .
A declining economy makes people unhappy , including sufferers .
We should live normally and behave as before the disaster .

I ' m confused !
I 'm confused !
One of my friends asked me such a this question .
One of my friends asked me a question .
I thought it but I could n't find proper answer .
I thought about it but I could n't find a proper answer .
If you read my blog and please correct her answer instead of me .
If you read my blog please correct her answer for me .
Her question is meaning of the sentence as below and that sentence is correct or not .
Her question is the meaning of the sentence below and if the sentence is correct or not .
FREED from RESTRAINT
Even if you will oneself
who dose it .
SAUCY COOL
This sentence is printed on her son 's T - suirts .
This sentence is printed on her son 's T - shirt .
One day when her son 's English teacher watched that T - suirts , He took pictures it and he said it is so funny !
One day when her son 's English teacher saw that T - shirt , he took pictures of it and said it was so funny !
So my friend anxious about the meaning of that sentence , If it is including slung or bad meanings .
So my friend is anxious about the meaning of that isentence and wants to know if it has Do you mean `` slang `` and `` bad words `` ?
I tried to trancelate it but it 's a little bit complicated .
I tried to translate it but it 's a little bit complicated .
I ' m sorry to bother you .
I 'm sorry to bother you .
start . . . english ^ ^
I start to study englisg first day . . . . . .
The propose is to go immigration
I hope to go .
where the nature is so great and no destruction
so HELP ME to improve english ^ ^

JAPANESE BLOG
Hello everyone
Long time no come here ,
Long time since I 've been here
because my work was very busy .
because my work kept me very busy .
And I started new blog in Japanese here .
And I started a new blog in Japanese here .
Please come here to study Japanese .
Science Fiction
I like reading science fiction .
My favorite SF writer is Sir Arthur Charles Clarke .
Do you know him ?
He wrote `` A Space Odyssey : 2001 `` , `` The Childhood 's End `` , `` The City and The Stars `` and so on .
I have these novels on paperback .
It is very interesting to read them in English .
Because I read them that was translated to Japanese several times , I can read them without a dictionary .
Because I read them translated to Japanese several times , I can read them without a dictionary .
Do you like SF ?
If you so , please recommend your favorite SF books .
Thank you .

Study English
Studying English
I 've been to USA for two months at three times .
I 've been to USA three times within two months .
But I have n't acquire English skill of speeking and listening .
I think I acquire it with lang - 8 .
I think I will improve by joining up lang - 8
Please teach me English .

Bad driver
This happened yesterday on the way home .
I was driving on the three - lane road and stopped at the red signal .
I was a first car at signal on the right lane to make a turn right there .
I was the first car at the signal in the right lane to make a turn right there .
Then , what happen was that the car on my left passed my car and turned right on red signal .
Then , what happened was that the car on my left passed my car and turned right on the red signal .
This car was on the middle lane at the time .
This car was in the middle lane at the time .
Crazy ! !

My Plans For The Second Semester
In the last semester , things got very messy .
Last semester , things got very messy .
I felt like I 've wasted a lot of time .
I could have done a lot of useful things , but I did n't .
Well , blaming myself is n't going to do any good right now .
We 've just started the second semester so I thought if I 'm really thinking about compensations which I should pay for the wasted time , then I should start taking some actions .
So here is the plan :
1 ) Read at least four books each month .
A novel is also considered a book .
So I do n't have to read a complex academic book to count one up .
2 ) Try as much as possible to write every day a new entry in English here in Lang - 8 .
I might not be able to keep my promise for the whole semester but I 'll try .
I might not be able to keep my promise for the whole semester , but I 'll try .
3 ) Study a little bit of Spanish every day and write an entry once a week .
I might try to raise the number of entries per week after I get a decent knowledge of Spanish .
I might try to raise the number of entries per week , after I get a decent knowledge of Spanish .
But I 'll just wait to see what I can do .
4 ) Fight procrastination , which was my major problem in the last semester .
I had to leave assignments until the last minute .
I used to feel very stressed when I did that but I could n't stop procrastinating .
The same with lectures , actually , lectures were much worse .
I did n't even have any time to think about procrastinating this one .
I did n't even have time to think about procrastinating there .
5 ) I really would like to start studying hardware , because I would like my graduation project to be something that combines between hardware and software .
I know it 's not going to be easy .
It might require doubling my effort and a lot of sleepless nights .
Actually , I enrolled in a competition for that matter but I 'm not sure that one semester is enough .
But as Flawless group from Britain 's got talent said , `` Chase the dream , no the competition . `` I just hope that I could make it , not necessarily before the end of the competition but it 'd be nice if it was accomplished for the graduation project .
But as the group Flawless from Britain 's Got Talent said , `` Chase the dream , not the competition . `` I just hope that I can make it . Not necessarily before the end of the competition , but it 'd be nice if it was accomplished in time for my graduation project .
You might find this plan very lame or nothing worth attention , but to me , accomplishing these tiny goals would make a huge difference in my life .
I keep pushing myself to always be optimistic , but there are some moments when I find this a very hard thing to do , who does n't ? !
I keep pushing myself to be optimistic , but there are some moments when I find this very difficult . Though , who does n't ? !
`` Our greatest glory is not in never failing , but in rising up every time we fail . `` - - Ralph Waldo Emerson
This quotation is the only thing that keeps me trying .
This quotation is the only thing that keeps me going .
I hope it does the same thing for you too .
I hope it does the same for you .

Fort cunning park and MacRitchie reservoir
Fort Cunning park and MacRitchie reservoir
Yesterday , my husband and I visited Fort cunning park and MacRitchie reservoir .
Yesterday , my husband and I visited Fort Cunning park and MacRitchie reservoir .
Both were beautiful nature parks , we had a good time there .
Both were beautiful nature parks and we had a good time there .
In the morning we started our walk from Fort cunning information centor to get a map .
In the morning we started our walk to Fort Cunning information center to get a map .
It was a time to have lunch , so I went to Fort cunning club house there were some restaurants and bar .
It was lunch time , so I went to the Fort Cunning club house where there were some restaurants and a bar .
Unfortunatelly , It was renovationing !
Unfortunately , it was being renovated !
We were so shocked because we were hungry .
We loooked for other restaurants in a hurry and found it on the map .
We quickly looked on the map for other restaurants and found one .
At last we reached there .
At last we arrived .
That was a nice looking restauran on the hill around a beautiful forest t .
It was a nice looking restaurant on a hill surrounded by a beautiful forest .
It was a colonial style ( singapore colonial house is called black and white ) , and founded in 1908 .
It was a colonial style ( Singapore colonial house is called black and white ) and founded in 1908 .
If the restaurant had not closed , we cought have a lunch in the teraace !
If the restaurant had not been closed , we could have had lunch on the terrace !
What a disaster !
The resaurant was closed on every sunday !
The restaurant was closed every Sunday !
We wanted to eat anything , anywhere so we had a lunch in a near macdonald ( my husband likes mac ) .
We wanted to eat anything anywhere , so we had lunch at a nearby McDonald 's ( my husband likes mac ) .
After lunch , we took a walk around the park .
After lunch , we took a walk around the park .
There were so many tropical tree and plants and many of them was first looking for us .
I took many pictures in daze .
I took many pictures in a daze .
On the way , I happen to watch the traddditional malay wedding outside .
On the way , I happened to see a traditional Malay wedding outside .
That was so wonderful !
It was so wonderful !
I was so impressed .
We had time to go other place , we went MacRitchie reservoir near our house .
We had time to go to another place , so we went to MacRitchie reservoir near our house .
In the reservoir , we rented a canoue two people using the same .
At the reservoir , we rented a paddle boat .
We paddled the canoue there and it was a lot of fun !
We paddled the boat and it was a lot of fun !
The reservoir was in the forest , we felt exploring a jungle or something .
The reservoir was in the forest , so it felt like we were exploring a jungle or something .

Home Coming
I went to my parents ' house with my family today .
This is the first time since my mother went back home from the hospital .
This is the first time since my mother came home from the hospital .
Although we need to back home by six , my daughters enjoyed it with my parents .
Although we need to `` be `` back home by six , my daughters enjoyed it with my parents .
Although we needed to back home by six , my daughters enjoyed their time with my parents .
We also visited the grave which my grand parents sleep .
We also visited the grave `` in `` which my grand parents sleep .
We also visited my grand parents ' grave .
I think it was a good day for my family .

god , so sleepy
God , I 'm so sleepy .
I always feel sleepy when I have some works to do . ( homeworks or cleaning my room , etc . . )
I always feel sleepy when I have some work to do . ( Homework or cleaning my room , etc . . )
Also I can sleep in a few minutes when I try to read a book , kkkkk : )
Also , I can fall asleep in a few minutes when I try to read a book , kkkkk : )
After the english class which in I could not even understand what the professor said , I had prepared for the class reading a book and thinking about what I 'd say .
After the English class in which I could not even understand what the professor said , I prepared for the class by reading a book and thinking about what I 'd say .
We discussed about some cases of regional economic intergration , but I still could n't say a word .
Just waiting for Chuseok , Korean thanks giving day .
I 'm just waiting for Chuseok , Korean Thanksgiving Day .
I 'll go my hometown and see my mom .
I miss my family .
Here is not comfortable to me , too small and too noisy .
It is not comfortable here for me , it is too small and too noisy .
But I 'm also really enjoying this life to read some journals and to talk to you guys !
But I 'm also really enjoying this life , reading some journals and talking to you guys !
All good people here .
They are all good people here .
You are all good people here .

What we have to learn from children .
( I 'm keeping a diary to improve English writing skills .
It would be my great honor for you to correct my mistakes . .
Have a nice day ~ ~ ~ )
I have two sons .
Older brother is 4 years old , and younger 2 .
My oldest son is 4 years old , and younger 2 .
When my wife was pregnant , `` just like all the other husband and father `` I thougt everything is going to be beautiful just like on TV .
When my wife was pregnant , `` just like all the other husband and father `` , I thought everything was going to be beautiful just like on TV .
`` We 'll come together around dinner table , talk to each other looking at baby 's lovely eyes . . `` I thought .
But , after 2 sons , What I imagined proved such an illusion .
But , after 2 sons , what I imagined proved as such an illusion .
Far from talking and eating around dinner table with my lovely family gracefully , I can hardly eat my meals to survive .
Far from talking and eating around the dinner table with my lovely family gracefully , I can hardly eat my meals to survive .
I bet anybody who has child ( especially more than 2 ) can understand exactly what I am saying now .
I bet anybody who has children ( especially more than 2 ) can understand exactly what I am saying now .
Reality is wholly diffrent from imagination .
Reality is a whole lot different from imagination .
Even so , I can not help saying that I love my sons .
Seeing me and wife playing loudly ( maybe my first child seemed to have thought we were quarreling ) , he said to me that `` Daddy !
Seeing me and my wife playing loudly ( maybe my first child seemed to have thought we were quarreling ) , he said to me `` Daddy ,
do n't do that .
She is the only woman you have to love in the world .
I do n't want you to hurt mommy . `` T .
I do n't want you to hurt mommy . ``
T He made my eyes water .
That made my eyes water .
We have to learn children 's thoughtful consideration for others and frankness about it , because we know cosideration and frankness always work .
We have to learn a child 's thoughtful consideration for others and frankness about it , because we know consideration and frankness always work .
Have a good day ^ ^

adding me on MSN : )
I live in Korean ( Busan )
I like talk to another country 's poeple .
I liketo talk to poeple from other countries .
my MSN address is `` goodlover18 @ naver . com ``
adding me : )
add me please : )

Believe that most of the people like playing online games .
I believe that most people like playing online games .
And of course , I like to play online games too .
I always want to find some online games to play .
I always want to find new online games to play .
However , it is not easy to find a game that is interesting or I 'm interested in it .
However , it is not easy to find a game that is interesting
Since the online games in Hong Kong ca n't attract me .
For now , I want to find some online games from the foreign countries .
For now , I want to find some online games from foreign countries .
But unfortunately , it is so difficult to find , even if I use the search engine such as yahoo and google .
But unfortunately , they are so difficult to find , even if I use a search engine such as yahoo or google .
So , can you introduce some interesting and exciting online games for me ?
So , can you introduce some interesting and exciting online games to me ?
A broken bag
This morning , when I sit in a bus .
My bag was cutted by a thief .
I was sitting in a bus and watching the TV in the bus .
I was sitting on the bus and watching the TV in the bus .
I did not notice a thief began to cut my bag .
I did not notice a thief had begun to cut my bag .
When I found this , my bag has been scrathed by the thief .
When I found this , my bag had been scratched by the thief .
Fortunately , I did n't loss anything .
Fortunately , I did n't lose anything .
The thief gone away when I noticed my bag broken .
The thief had already gone away when I noticed my bag was broken .
This is the third bag which been cutted by thief .
This is the third bag which has been cut by a thief .

9th Jun 2010
Hello ! Everyone .
Hello Everyone !
I got a dayoff from yesterday .
I got a day off from yesterday .
Today is dayoff !
I met a friend , and went to cinema together .
I met up with a friend , and we went to the cinema together .
What did I watch a movie ? ? what do you think ? ? I like comedy ! ! ! I will get a dayoff after 4days . . .
Why did I watch a movie ? ? What do you think ? ? I like comedies ! ! ! I will get another day off in 4 days . . .
I wanna go to trip ! ! ! But I canot get a long vacation ( > o < ) If you can get a long vacation , what to do ? ? ( ^ o ' ) b
I wanna go on a trip ! ! ! But I can not get a long vacation ( > o < ) . If you can get a long vacation , what would you do ? ? ( ^ o ' ) b

Japanese Manga
I like to read a manga .
I like to readmanga .
My favorite manga is Doragon Ball ,
My favorite manga is Dragon Ball ,
One Piece , Naruto , Death Note .
Do you know these manga ?

First Meeting
I met my conversation partner ( student tutor ) named Amanda for the first time .
I met my conversation partner ( student tutor ) , Amanda , for the first time .
She is an adorable freshman majoring in psychology .
Actually , we were supposed to meet each other last Saturday , but she forgot about our meeting .
( She stood me up ! ) I thought that it could happen , because we set a time at the beginning of the last week .
( She stood me up ! ) I thought that might happen because we had set a date at the beginning of last week .
For that reason , I really looked forward to seeing her .
For that reason , I was really looking forward to seeing her .
On the first day , we did not work on any chapter of the textbook .
On the first day , we did not work on any chapters in the textbook .
She did not bring it , because she thought it is more important to get to know each other .
She did not bring it because she thought it was more important to get to know each other .
First and foremost , we introduced ourselves .
I told her about my country , age , family , job , hobbies , major , etc .
She asked many questions about what I had just said .
She is 19 years old .
It means she did not reach the legal drinking age yet .
It means she has n't even reached the legal drinking age yet .
Even though we have a big age gap , I think we can be good friends .
The weakest part of my English proficiency is speaking English .
I have no thick accent according to her , but lack of language complexity .
I have a difficulty making long sentences and can not keep talking about one specific topic .
I have a difficult time making / composing long sentences and can not keep talking about one specific topic .
Thus , we will work on each chapter and then share respective ideas from next meeting .
I asked her to correct my mistakes and errors .
She also asked me to feel free to ask whatever I want to know .
She also told me to feel free to ask whatever / anything I want to know .
I learned a new word , lactose intolerance , which is my digest problem .
She recommended me to use AOL instant messenger .
I can make a screen name on that messenger .
Also , she introduced her omega sorority organization .
She let me know her cell phone number and I did the same .
She let me know her cell phone number , and I did the same .
We set a future schedule and said good - bye to each other .
We set a future scheduledate and said good - bye to each other .
Today was very fun to me .

Google Cracking !
Last month , google was attacked from chinese servers .
Last month , google was attacked by Chinese servers .
But it appears that google has already got revenged for the attackers .
But it appears that Google has already gotten it 's revenge against the attackers .
Above articles are very interesting and frightening .
The above articles are very interesting but frightening .

Coming back to my place
October 9 , 2009
I got up at 6 : 30 am at hotel in Yokohama .
I got up at 6 : 30 am at the hotel in Yokohama .
I stayed here for two days on a business trip .
The hotel name is Yokohama Prince Hotel , and the room I stayed was very good .
The hotel name was Yokohama Prince Hotel , and the room I stayed in was very good .
I wish I could stay more !
I wish I could stay longer !
I attended some workshops and two classes .
The workshops and one of class were so boring but another class was so nice .
The workshops and one of classes were so boring but the other class was really nice .
The teacher was enthusiastic character so I concentrated to listen to her lecture very much .
The teacher was enthusiastic so I concentrated on listening to her lecture very much .
Her lecture was so interesting and I was so satisfied with it .
My friend who met last night after a long time brought me two paperbacks today .
My friend whom I met with last night after a long time brought me two paperbacks today .
It might be difficult for me to read all of them , but I will try to read them .
The powerful typhoon has passed by , so the weather was good in Yokohama .
The powerful typhoon had passed by , so the weather was good in Yokohama .
I left there about 5 : 30 pm and came back Niigata about 8 : 30 pm .
I left there about 5 : 30 pm and came back to Niigata about 8 : 30 pm .
It rained here .
Though there were only two days trip , I felt a long business trip this time .
Though it was only a two - day trip , I felt like it was a long business trip this time .

Am I escapism ?
Escapism ?
I extremely want to escape from reality .
I 've been working for eleven straight hours ever since I was transferred in January .
I hardly have a break time every day .
I have n't done my own cooking for a while .
On my day off I do my homework , read a reference and attend a lecture .
I wonder if I would take a summer vacation .
I wonder if I could take a summer vacation .
I guess even if I takek a vacation , I 'll have to spend much time on homework .
I guess even if I take a vacation , I 'll have to spend much time on homework .

Before sunrise
Today I saw a movie < Before Sunrise > .
Today I saw a movie , Before Sunrise .
It was beautiful story , but the movie makes me angry .
Life was like that , nowadays I felt that
Life is n't like that , nowadays I feel that
life has no end of trobles .
life has no end of troubles .
However , that 's right REAL Life so I will go powerfully .
Now I can learn English and think it about whatever ^ ^
Now I can learn English and think about it whenever ^ ^

3 . 11 eathquake
I live in Sendai .
I had experienced the gigantic erthquake in north - east Japan .
I experienced the gigantic earthquake in north - east Japan .
I was working in my office in Sendai .
The all of the things on the desk fell down on the floor .
Then all of the things on the desk fell down to the floor .
I walked back to my house about 50 munutes .
I walked back to my house after about 50 minutes .
On the way home I saw the peole filled in the streat walking .
On the way home I saw the people filled in the streets walking .
I am happy all my family are safe .
I am happy all my family members are safe .

question about grammar order
[ Yeah , she slammed down the phone when I call this morning to apologize ]
Can I change this into
[ she slammed down the phone when I call to apologize this morning ] ?
[ she slammed down the phone when I called to apologize this morning ] ?

Today , I went to the dentist after long time interval .
Today , I went to the dentist for the first time in a while .
Today , I finally went to the dentist .
I was supposed to go on 1st March , but I canceled the appointment .
I was supposed to go on March 1st , but I canceled the appointment .
I was supposed to go on 1st of March , but I canceled the appointment .
( Sorry , we went to Universal Studios Japan . . . . )
I procrastinated it because I was too busy recently and my teeth did n't ache any more .
I procrastinated because I have been too busy recently and my teeth did n't ache any more .
I procrastinated because I was too busy recently and my teeth did n't ache anymore .
Today , I had free time and finally go there .
Today , I had free time and finally went .
Today , I had some free time and finally went there .
I think my teeth never ache any more , but I have to have my teeth and the filling kept clean .
I think my teeth will never ache any more , but I have to have my teeth and fillings kept clean .
I think my teeth does n't ache anymore , but I have to brush my teeth regularly to keep it clean .

Learn English ! !
Today , I contacted to next boss .
Today , I contacted my new boss .
Next boss said , you shall learn English .
My new boss said , you must learn English .
Because , boss hope I contact to foreign companies .
The reason is that my boss intends for me to contact to foreign companies .
Boss said , I want you go to Philippines .
My boss said , I want you to go to the Philippines .
I thought it is joke .
I thought it was a joke .
But it is not joke .
However , it was not .
Perhaps , I will visit to Philippines a few months later .
Perhaps , I will visit the Philippines in a few months from now .

rotate blackout !
That was the first time that I had ever seen the whole town had no electricity and got completely dark .
That was the first time that I had ever seen the whole town without electricity and go completely dark .
No electricity means that everything including traffic lights , streetlights , stations does n't work completely .
No electricity means that everything including traffic lights , streetlights , and stations do n't work completely .
So there must be good chances that accidents happen .
Yesterday , I had blackout for three hours and during that time , I stayed home and played the acoustic guitar because there was nothing expect playing the acoustic guitar .
Yesterday , I had a blackout for three hours and during that time , I stayed home and played the acoustic guitar because there was nothing to do expect that .
I could n't turned on my PC , I ca n't cook anything with my kitchen which works with electricity and I could n't read any books .
I could n't turn on my PC , I ca n't cook anything in my kitchen which works with electricity and I could n't read any books .
I felt like our life went back to the primitive age and I again realized that electricity has a large portion of our life .
Now I 've been wondering when our life will get back normal .
Now I 've been wondering when our life will go back to normal .

A short trip
It is not a buisiness trip !
It is not a business trip !
I get a holiday tomorrow and
I 'm going to visit SimaneKen to this Sunday and
I 'm going to visit SimaneKen this Sunday and
I 'm planning to go to Izumo - Taisya on Suturday .
I 'm planning to go to Izumo - Taisya on Saturday .
I 'm little affraid that I ca n't get ticket to see around Izumo - Taisya ,
I 'm a little affraid that I ca n't get a ticket to see around Izumo - Taisya ,
because there has special exhibition in this summer that is
because there is a special exhibition this summer that is
once 60 years .
held once every 60 years .
I guess there is many tourists .
I guess there are many tourists .

Sunset beach !
Before farewell party for my friend , we went to Sunset beach .
Before the farewell party for my friend , we went to Sunset beach .
She is going to Korea tomorrow .
I 'm so sad . . . .
My friends are getting decrease .
I 'm trying to absorb it as like it 's a kind of destiny for us who are coming to US to study English .
I 'm trying to absorb it as if it 's like a kind of destiny for us who come to the US to study English .
I 've already sent lots of friends .
I 've already seen off lots of friends .
But I 'm not still used to it .
I always feel sad .
So tomorrow I will go to LAX to send her .
So tomorrow I will go to LAX to see her off .
I might be crying tomorrow , because she was one of my best friends when I was Orange County .
I hope I can see her again someday .
Anyway I went to Sunset beach .
Anyway , I ( we ) went to Sunset beach .
It was lots of fun ! !
We swam a lot for total 2 hours .
We swam a lot for a total of 2 hours .
Thanks to that , I got pain in my whole body today .
Thanks to that , my whole body is sore today .

Study alone vs .
Study with a group
As you know , there are two kinds of way to study .
As you know , there are two ways to study .
Study alone , and study with a group .
Many parents are saying that it is better to study alone .
However somebodies are claiming that study with a group is better than studying alone .
By the way , the reason why I am writing about this is because I am going to write an essay about this topic .
First of all , I think studying alone is better than studying with a group .
Here are the reasons .
First , we can concentrete well because if we study with a group , you will make many friends who are belonging to the group , and you can talk with you friends during studying .
But , if we study alone , there is n't person who can talk with us , thus we can concentrate on our study more better .
For example , if we study in a group , there is n't enough time to study .
You will talk with your friends , you and your friends want to play outside , but there are n't any parents who will mortify about this things , therefore you may play outside and do n't study .
We will talk with our friends , we will want to play outside with our friends , but there are n't any parents who will discipline us for these things , therefore we may play outside and not study .
However , if we study alone , normally we study in our home , so there is n't any partner to talk , although we really want to play outside , there is n't enough friends to play , and your parents will mortify about this .
However , if we study alone , normally we study in our home , so there is n't any partner to talk with / to , although we really want to play outside , there are n't enough friends to play with , and our parents would discipline us about this .
Next , we do n't need to follow the subjects which they are studying , we can study the subject which is the thing that I ca n't do it very well because if we study in a group , sometimes we have to follow the schedule which we plan , thus we ca n't study which I ca n't do very much .
For example , I ca n't study the math very much , but I can study English very well .
However , in a group , they study just English very hard although we have to study the math very hard .
Because of these reasons , I think studying alone is better .

Sleep on a hard ground .
Some says : It 's healthier for the body to ether lay or sleep at the ground .
Some people say : It 's healthier for the body to either lay or sleep on the ground .
However , When I first moved to my new house I have been sleeping for one week at the ground .
However , since I first moved to my new house I have been sleeping for one week on the ground .
Firstly my nick was almost broke : (
Firstly my neck was almost broken : (
but after two days I got used to it , also I felt more relaxed .
but after two days I got used to it . Also , I felt more relaxed .
In addition , I did n't find a bed yet .
In addition , I have n't found a bed yet .

It 's been a long time ! !
Now I can write my diary .
Today 's title is `` Jogging `` .
Do you often go jogging ? ?
I regularly do jogging 3 or 4 kilometers once a week .
I regularly go jogging 3 or 4 kilometers once a week .
Today , although I did n't know what I was thinking , but I decided to run to the nearest sea that is about 30 kilometers and back .
Today , although I did n't know what I was thinking , I decided to run to the nearest sea that is about 30 kilometers and back .
When I want to feel a sense of achievement , I might do something like this .
I must 've been tired of a typical life .
Anyway , it took 4 hours , however I got back home somehow .
I 'm sorry I ca n't concentrate on writing this .
You know , my legs are raising a grievous wail of pain .
A picture I attached is the evidence of jogging to the sea .
Thank you

I like this site
I become a fan of this site .
I have become a fan of this site .
This is easy to study and I enjoy use this .
This is easy to study and I enjoy using this .
When I study English by my self , I have to consult a dictionary , check grammar in web site , and so on .
But I do only writing in this site .
But I only practice my writing on this site .
Many teacher correct my sentences and teach me .
Many teachers correct my sentences and teach me .
And I can also study in short free time .
And I can also study when I have small amounts of free time .
Thanks the owner and every user of this site .
Thanks to the owner and every user of this site .

My Campus
Unlike the commom university with more buildings and less plants , Changsha University is more beautiful than a garden .
Unlike most universities with too many buildings and too little plants , Changsha University looks like more than a garden .
Getting into the school gate , you will enjoy a feeling of backing to the nature .
Across the gate getting into the school , you will feel like returning to nature .
Wandering on campus , green trees , colorful flowers and clear water catch your sight , plesant smell of flowers occupies your nose , and the suond of reading aloud and whispering of birds capcutures your ears .
Wandering on the campus , green trees , colorful flowers and clear water catch your eyes , fragrant smell of flowers occupies your nose , and voices of reading aloud and singing of birds captures your ears .
What 's the better , the road is so clean that you almost ca n't find any rubbish , even a piece of waste paper .
The best thing is that the road is so clean that you almost ca n't find any rubbish , even a piece of waste paper .
What you feel is that , far away from the noise of downtown , studying and living in the university is more close to your heart , and the quiet environment also contributes to concerntrating your attention on study .
Far away from the noise of downtown , studying and living in the university is a very comfortable experience , and the quiet environment also helps us more focus on studying .

`` Panda `` . . .
I did not sleep well last night . @ _ @
I did not sleep very well last night . @ _ @
Two people quarreled with each other when I was sleeping .
Two people quarreled with each other while I was sleeping .
Thier voice were getting louder and louder and I could not sleep at all !
Thier voice 's were getting louder and louder . I could not sleep at all !
That 's irretating . > < ,
It was irritating . > < ,
Why people always quarrel at midnight ? .
Why do people always quarrel at midnight ? .
Ultimately , I find myself to be a `` Panda `` this morning .
Ultimately , I find myself being a `` Panda `` this morning .
Today is May 30th .
Tomorrow I will go back to school .
Another boring week is watting for me .
Another boring week is awaiting for me .
Another boring week is awaiting me .
I will miss you .
I will miss you
Mum . . .

study for test
I 'll have a test in my school soon .
So I have to study for it .
I went to cramschool to study .
I studied Japanese history , math and english .
It was difficult for me to understand Japanese history .
So the test maybe bad .
But I 'll study very hard .
This is my first dialy .

I 'm crazy . . . .
My high school was all boys school so I do n't know how to talk to girls and last night I and my friend , Brett , were tried to talk one girl but we could n't ask only name .
My high school was an all boys school so I do n't kn ow how to talk to girls and last night me and my friend , Brett , tried to talk to a girl but we could n't and weonly got her name .
We were shy .
And now I 'm texting some girls but I do n't know what I have to talk .
And now I 'm texting some girls but I do n't know what to say .
I 'm crazy . . . haha

Japanese foundation day
Today is holiday ( National foundation day )
Today is a holiday ( National foundation day )
One of my co - workers asked me
`` When is it enacted ?
`` When was it enacted ?
A thousand years ago ? `` He was joking .
Other guy said `` May be from Jurassic period ? ? ``
Other guy said `` May be from the Jurassic period ? ? ``
Actually , I am not sure .
I think most of Japanese do n't care when this holiday came from .
`` May be 2000 years ago ? ? ``
Then I serched from Web site .
Then I searched online .
According Wikipedia ,
On that day , the foundation of Japan by Emperor Jimmu was celebrated based on Nihonshoki .
It was BC660 .
Wow ! 2670 years ago ! ?
But I think nobody knows it 's true or not .
But I think nobody knows if it 's true or not .
and Nobody cares about that thing .
and Nobody cares .
I learned the word that `` physically challenged `` from a person .
This word means a person who has handicap .
I was told the person with such handicap is called `` a disabled person `` .
`` Disability `` is a negative word .
`` Physically challenged `` is a positive word !
I hope there will be advancements in medicine and all physically challenged people will have a more positive way of thinking .
I hope to support them .
So I need to study more
I was able to learn such a good word .
I am grateful to him
Thank u `` G `` !

What a Busy Day , Today !
Followings are the things I have to do today .
The following are the things I have to do today .
Prepare a presentation about climate projection from an IPCC report .
Do a little research about SE & SIer .
Study how to deal with XML in Java .
Oh , man !
How could I be so busy ! !
How busy can I be .

Today 's Diary
Yesterday , Hikaru Utada who is a Japanese female singer said that `` My Greatest Hits will be released on November 3 .
But you should not buy this !
This CD does n't have my soul .
The recording label made this without permission . ``
And she said that `` If my CD will not sell , I will be lambasted by everyone `` .
I think a woman who fight with someone is very cool !
I think a woman who fights with someone is very cool !
Utada grow up in America .
Utada grow up in America ,
So I guess she is mentally strong .
The talk changes .
Brock Lesnar lost in UFC !
I was so shocked !
I like his powerful fighting style like a tank .
I like his powerful fighting style , like a tank .
Next , he will win by F5 !
I hope it !
I hope ! so !
Thank you .

TODAY . . .
Today I watched a DVD which title is `` Akai - ito `` is my favorite ! !
Today I watched a DVD which title is `` Akai - ito `` , it 's my favorite ! !
Do you know it ? ?
I have watched three times ! !
I have watched it three times ! !
If you study Japanese , I recomend it ! !
If you study Japanese , I recommend it ! !
When I watched it alone in my room because I 'm easily impressed .
I enjoyed watching ! !
During watching it , my tears run down my face . . .
The finally this movie is happy end but the middle of scene I was so sad .
The final of this movie is happy end but the middle of the scene was so sad .
After watching I drove my car with my mom , older brother , younger brother , my younger sister and I .
After watching I drove my car with my mom , older brother , younger brother , my younger sister and me .
I went shoppping because we had to buy some foods and drinks because our refrigerator was empty : ( After shoppig I cooked lunch ! !
It was so fun because I love cooking ; )

assist somebody in
( a ) I assisted my sister in doing her homework .
( b ) I assisted my sister in her homework .
( b ) I assisted my sister with her homework .
I have ever seen examples like ( a ) , but never seen ones like ( b ) .
I have r seen examples like ( a ) , but never seen ones like ( b ) .
Does ( b ) sound natural to you ?
Thank you in advance ! ! !

Today I went to book shop to buy English conversation book .
Today I went to a book store to buy an English conversation book .
Today I went to a book shop to buy an English conversation book .
I want to improve more English and to meet with many people around the world ! !
I want to improve my English and to meet many people around the world ! !
I want to improve my English more and meet with many people around the world ! !
Now I doing job - hunting .
Now I have been doing job - hunting .
Now I am job - hunting .
It is very hard in Japan .
It is very hard to find work in Japan .
So I hung in .
I early want to make an end and to go to oversea ! !
I really want to finish it as soon as possible and go overseas ( abroad ) ! !
I really want to make an end and to go to overseas ! !

TOEFL Training
# Today 's entry was way long and has some questions , so I splat it into three parts .
# Today 's entry was very long and had some questions , so I split it into three parts .
I hope you would give me some comments .
Question : Some people spend their entire lives in one place .
Others move a number of times throughout their lives , looking for a better job , house , community , or even climate .
Which do you prefer : staying in one place or moving in search of another place ?
Use reasons and specific examples to support your opinion .
# This is an opinion writing .
# This is an opinion writing assignment .
I should first state my opinion , its supporting reasons , and then make it detailed with some exemplifications .
I should first state my opinion , its supporting reasons , and then make it detailed with some examples .
It demands me to write at least 300 words in 30 minutes .
It asks me to write at least 300 words in 30 minutes .
It means I have to write ten words in a minute , and a word for six seconds .
It means I have to write ten words a minute , and one word every six seconds .
It 's so intimidating .
Here is the first part of my answer .
I should answer this question by stating how I am living now , rather than stating a opinion that is actually not like what I am now .
At the conclusion I would like to see which person I am by observing what I have written , objectively .
At the conclusion I would like to see which type of person I am by analyzing what I have written , objectively .
# A question
I wondered if should I use `` mention `` instead of `` state `` in the first sentence of my answer .
According to my dictionary , to state means to express in words , either in a verbal way or in a writing way .
According to my dictionary , to state means to express in words , either in a verbal way or a written way .
It more instinctively means `` to put something forward . `` Moreover , I feel like `` state an opinion `` is more natural than `` remark or mention an opinion . `` Is that right ?

boring days .
Today was nothing to happen especially .
Today , nothing really happened .
In the end of this week , I 'm going to leave for my parents ' home .
At the end of this week , I 'm going to leave for my parents ' home .
I 'm looking forwad to see my family .
I 'm looking forward to seeing my family .
While I am there , I can make myself at home .
Because , I do n't have to cook the meals and wash my clothes .
Till then , I keep going ! !
Till then , I 'll keep going ! !
Thank ' s

Let me introduce my self .
Let me introduce myself .
My name is ooo and I 'm ooyears old .
I have big eyes with long eyelashes
most of my family has small eyes but I 'm not
most of my family has small eyes but me
My blood is A like my mother and I am 160cm tall and still grow
My bloodtype is A just likes my mother and I am 160cm tall and still growing

a pregnancy guide book
I bought a pregnancy guide book .
Because we have no idea before I got pregnanted .
So we do n't select the hospital to have a baby yet .
So we have n't selected a hospital to have the baby yet .
And I ca n't think about my job from now on .
We have to think about our lifes and we study what do we have to do for our baby .
We have to think about our lifes ( or futures ) , so we are studying what we have to do for our baby .
By the way , I 'm very happy ! !

This is my first diary !
This is my first diary entry !
Hello everyone .
I 've started Lang - 8 today , so I do n't understand function so much .
I just started using Lang - 8 today , so I do n't yet understand all its functionality .
I 'd like to get familiar with this SNS .
I 'd like to improve my English and Spanish , and make friends .
I 'd like to improve my English and Spanish as well as make friends ,
so please contact me !
I 'm OTAKU .
I 'm an otaku .
I love Japanese pop culture .
I love Japanese pop culture ,
so if you like anime or manga , We can talk about these things I think .
so if you like anime or manga , we can talk about these things I think .

Good chance or bad one
I dined a dinner with my co - woker in order to listen a invitation of new job from privious superviser .
The restaurante was so nice and delicious .
The restaurant was so nice , and the food was delicious .
We had a good time together and could talk about a job .
We had a good time together , and could talk about the job offer .
It sounded okay but I also infered he did n't talk to us the truth completely .
It sounded okay but I also inferred he did n't tell us the whole story .
I mean He did n't lie to us but I guess it includeed his hope .
I mean , he did n't lie to us . But I guess it included his hope .
I should think with a wide perspective .

Today I want learning english . . .
I live in Hong Kong , and some of Hong Kong people often can speak english ,
so now I want to learning it . . .
so now I want to learn it . . .
I think I need somebody to help me ,
because my english grammar is very bad , please help me ~
start of the next day , I will use my everyday to write my diary ~
start of the next day , ( starting tomorrow ) I will write in my diary everyday ~

be concerned .
I am agonizig how to way to study English .
I am agonizigagonizing to find a way to study English .
Write diary in english .
group conversation , helpde institute or by myself ( it can not happen : ) . . .
group conversations , helpfroman institute or by myself ( it can not happen ) . . .
there are so many ways to . .
there are so many ways to learn . . .
but which is the best for me ?
However , the biggest problem while thinkng I found is my confidence in speak english .
However , the biggest problem while thinkngthinkingI found is my confidence tospeak english .
Please give me an advice , how to incease confidence .

PM12 : 25
I want to say something about today , but now it 's time to bed
I want to say something about today , but now it 's time for bed
I have to go to sleeping
I have to go to sleep
My friend BREAD told me lang - 8 was fun , so I applied a one
My friend BREAD told me lang - 8 was fun , so I registered an account
good night zZ

Newly married life .
I visit my cousun hause last weekend .
I visitedmy cousin 's house last weekend .
She got married with her co - worker last summer , and they ` ve lived together since then .
Honestly , I worried about their newly married life .
Honestly , I am worried about their newly married life .
She was poor at housework at one time because her mather took care of her so much .
She was poor with housework at one time because her mothertook care of her so much .
I understand her mother because she was her the only daugher .
But , it was just groundless .
The room was kept clean , and she cooked well .
Before everything , her Mr .
Right was a completely Kiwi Husband .
He was Japanese , but he did housework more than his wife .
I felt sorry , but his dish was betther than her . . .
I felt sorry , but his dish / meal was betterthan hers .
Some foreigner tend to think that Japanese men don ` t keep house at all , and women work for their husbands devotely .
Some foreigners tend to think that Japanese men don ` t do housekeeping at alland women work for their husbands devotedly .
But , I think it is an old story .
Some men doesn ` t do housework still now , but most of them help with household chores .
Some men doesn ` t do housework till now , but most of them help with household chores .
Some men do n't do housework till now , but most of them help with household chores .
It ` s a few husband who do all af housekeeing like New Zealander , but more and more men began to be interested in their home .
There are a few husbandswho do all af housekeeing like a New Zealander , but more and more men are beginning to be interested in their home .
Actually , one of my dad ` s hobby is pressing shirts with iron on Sunday .
Actually , one of my dad ` s hobby is ironing shirts on Sunday .
It ` s not work but hobby for him .
It ` s not work but ahobby for him .
Tnat ` s why , I want to insist for foreign women . `` Don ` t feel that it is worst to get merried with Japanese guy !
That ' swhy , I want to insist toforeign women . `` Don ` t feel that it is worst to get marriedwith Japanese guy !
`` And it is for foreign men , `` Do not expect too much to get married with Japanese women . ``
`` And for foreign men , `` Do not expect too much when you get married with a Japanese woman . ``

I feel blue . .
if I get a job , I have no problem . .
if I get a job , I have no problem . .
I 'm really worried about get a job . .
I 'm really worried about getting a job . .
I 'm looking out for learning to drawing .
I 'm looking to learn to draw .
but almost school started in january .
but school started in January .
I should have known earlier . . . . . . . . .
I just remain regret
I just remain regretting
but It is too late for regret .
but it is too late for regret .

My first diary : )
I 'm Takumi , from Kyoto in Japan .
I 'm Takumi , from Kyoto , Japan .
I 'm excited to write in Lang - 8 ! !
But . . .
I 've never written .
I 've never written a diary before .
I 've never written anything before .
So I do n't know what to write .
I will try to continue .

Cabin attendant
I often get on the airplane for business trip .
I often travel via airplane on business trips .
I often travel by airplane for business trips .
When the airplane sways , Japanese CA always say `` We are going through a turbulence just now , but it ` s not problem about our flight ``
When the airplane sways , Japanese CA ( flight attendants ? ) always say , `` We are experiencing turbulence right now , but it does n't pose a problem to our flight . ``
When the airplane sways , Japanese flight attendants always say , `` We are experiencing turbulence right now , but it 's not a problem for our flight . ``
I always wonder why they can say that .
Because none foresees nature perfectly .
So , thire saying give me a more fear .
So , it scares me when they say this .
I think they shouldn ` t mention about flight detail !
I do n't think they should mention details about the flight !
I do n't think they should mention such details about the flight !

Typhoon is comment to Japan
A Typhoon is comming To Japan
A typhoon is coming to Japan
It is October , and is very cold .
It is October , and it is very cold .
It is October and is very cold .
A typhoon is coming .
In the USA , typhoons have women 's name .
In the USA , typhoons have women 's names .
In Asia , typhoon has names from animals of myths .
In Asia , typhoons have names of mythical animals .
In Asia , typhoons are named after animals from myths .
In Asia , typhoons has names from animals or myths .
In Japan , typhoons are recorded with numbers , such as `` typhoon no 1 `` , and so on .
In Japan , typhoons are recorded with numbers , such as `` typhoon # 1 `` , and so on .
In Japan , typhoons are recorded with numbers , such as `` typhoon no 1 , `` and so on .
A typhoon is going through Japan tonight , it comes with a very rough weather .
A typhoon is going through Japan tonight , it brings very rough weather with it .
A typhoon is going through Japan tonight ; It is going to bring some very rough weather .
A typhoon is going through Japan tonight ; it comes with very rough weather .
Very strong wind , very heavy rain , typhoon sometimes causes of floods , landslides , and some people are killed .
Very strong wind , very heavy rain , typhoons sometimes cause floods , & landslides . Some people are killed .
There is going to be very strong wind and heavy rain . Typhoons sometimes cause floods or landslides , and sometimes people are even killed as a result .
Having very strong wind and very heavy rain , a typhoon sometimes causes floods , landslides , and some people are killed .
In the USA , cyclones goes through every year , and a part of the USA is damaged seriously .
In the USA , cyclones go through every year . A part of the USA is seriously damaged .
In the USA , cyclones come through every year , seriously damaging certain areas in the USA .
In the USA , cyclones go through every year , and a part of the USA is seriously damaged .
Typhoong goes through Japan are not as strong as cyclones .
Typhoons going through Japan are not as strong as cyclones .
The typhoons that go through Japan are not as strong as the cyclones .
Tonigght , I will stay in house , wo n't go out .
Tonight , I will stay in my house and wo n't go out .
Tonight , I will stay inside ; I wo n't go out .

Tests in English
Recently , I have to study some tests in my job .
Recently , I have to study some tests for my job .
They will be useful for me , but I 'm confused because there are many things to prepare . .
Tests are related to IT skills , and it 's interesting to solve problems , certainly .
Tests are related to IT skills , and it 's certainly interesting to solve problems .
Some of tests are conducted in English , so I returned here to use it !
Some of tests are conducted in English , so I returned here to practice !

Surprise Party
There have been some good news in my family .
There has been some good news in my family .
The first news is that my brother and Mom are going to university this year .
He had a hard time deciding which university he would go to because he got lower grades than expected in Korean SAT .
Fortunately , he 's going to be a student from the university he loves .
Fortunately , he 's going to be a student at the university he loves .
While we celebrate , another good news came up .
Mom got accepted by Korea national open university yesterday .
Mom got accepted by the Korean ( ? ) national open university yesterday .
This school is a little different from the general university but we were so happy because we knew how she 'd dreamed about it .
So Dad and I prepared a surprise party for them .
We had only a cake but it was really happy .
happiest ever .
The happiest ever .
Now we have three students .
It will be four , if Dad get into college next year .
It will be four , if Dad gets into college next year .
In Korea , the `` University `` means more than it literally does .
It 's like graduating from university is a very condition to be treated as a human .
That 's why evey Korean thinks they have to go to college .
That 's why every Korean thinks they have to go to college .
I do n't think that 's a good idea , though .
I hope my parents get what they 've dreamed of .
I hope my brother does well there , also .

A New Day a new Problem . . . . . : )
The last 3days wee had very good Wetter , but tday its cloudy again . . .
The last 3 days we had very good weather , but today it 's cloudy again . . .
Ooo and our new Cook has left , he ment it would be to much work .
Ooo and our new cook has left ; he thought it would be too much work .
I dont understand him in this time you can be happy to have every work , well wat I now im just 20 years old .
I do n't understand him ; in times like this you should be happy to have any work ; well , what do I know ? I 'm just 20 years old .
Soo thats al for today I think .
Soo that 's all for today I think .
Have a nich time : )

A wonderful video
It 's been about twenty days since the winners of Academy Awards announced .
It 's been about twenty days since the winners of the Academy Awards were announced .
It has been about twenty days since the winners of the Academy Awards were announced .
All the winners deserve to get this awards ?
All the nominees were deserving to get the awards .
Meryl Streep was one of the nominees in a Leading role .
In the show , a lot of presenters and winners mentioned her and were teasing her .
Surprisingly she has been nominated a bunch in her long career .
Surprisingly , she had been nominated many times during her long career .
Surprisingly , she had been nominated several times during her long career .
Speaking of Meryl Streep , I found a nice video on You Tube called `` Meryl Streep reads The Velveteen Rabbit . `` When my children were small , I read this story for them and I liked it .
Speaking of Meryl Streep , I found a nice video on You Tube called `` Meryl Streep reads The Velveteen Rabbit . `` When my children were small , I read this story for them and I liked it .
Her reading was , of course , wonderful with a beautiful music .
I enjoyed a lot listening to it .
Here is a website :

Finish My Holiday . . .
I finished my work of the last year on 27th December .
Then I went to Kumamoto by plane on 28th December .
I caught a call from my friend , whose birthday is on that day .
I had caught a call from my friend , whose birthday was on that day .
My friend , whose birthday was on that day , called me .
He wanted to be celebrated his birthday by me , so I celebrated him .
He wanted to be celebrated his birthday by me , so I celebrated for / with him .
He wanted to be celebrated his birthday with me , so I celebrated with him .
It was a very funny , because the person who calls is opposite from normal .
He is not an usual man .
He is unusual man .
The next day I went to Hakata .
Then my friend lost his purse in the train from Kumamoto to Hakata .
Then , my friend lost his purse in the train from Kumamoto to Hakata .
Therefore we went to the contact center in the station and the police station to ask if the purse was found .
Therefore , we went to the contact center in the station and the police station to ask if the purse had been found .
Two hours later it was found , so we appreciated people who help us .
Two hours later it was found , so we appreciated people who helped us .
Then I went back to my hometown on 30th December .
Then , I went back to my hometown on the 30th of December .
I met some friends in recent days , and will go to Chiba tomorrow .
I met some friends in recent days / lately , and will go to Chiba tomorrow .
I met some friends recently , and will go to Chiba tomorrow .
I would like to stay more at my hometown , but I 'll start to work on 4th January .
I would like to stay in my hometown more , but I 'll start to work on the 4th of January .
I wanna work near my hometown someday .
I want to work near my hometown someday .

Nice to meet you ^ ^
My name is TeTsuWo .
I 'm 23 years old .
I 'm not good at English , but I want the friend in the foreign country .
I 'm not good at English , but I want to make friends in foreign countries .
My major is Biochemistry .
I love protein ! !

ten years old
today are my favorite singer debut ten years old .
today is my favorite singer 's tenth debut anniversary .
I am so happy .
hope they to fuel up .

091030 ( E )
Eventually English class finished today . . .
English class finally finished today . . .
I think the term of 1 month was very short , but it was very lucky to meet a good teacher .
I think the one month term was very short , but I was very lucky to meet a good teacher .
Daniel Duarte .
He is from Chile but he had lived in America from his youth life .
He is from Chile but he had lived in America since he was young .
He is from Chile but he had lived in America since his youth .
Through the efforts of him , I could improve my English communication skill a little bit than the past time 's .
Through his efforts , I could improve my English communication skills a little bit than I did in the past .
I think his teaching skills matched with me well than anyone 's , of course , it would be very different to depend on varous people .
For instance , when the class started , he always said to us one question , `` What happened yesterday ? `` .
For instance , when class started , he always asked us one question , `` What happened yesterday ? `` .
When I got his question at first class , I could not answer about it well .
When he asked me this question at the first class , I could not answer it well .
When I got his question in the first class , I could not answer it well .
Of course I had my intentions so I wished to say to him but I could not answer at all .
Of course I had intended to answer him but I could not answer at all .
( Suggestion : Of course I had things that I wished to say to him but I could not express them at all . )
But as days go by , I could gradually adapt to his question .
But as the days went by , I gradually was able to adapt to his question .
So if I have my intentions now , I can brainstrom ideas and tell anything .
So if I have my opinions now , I can brainstrom ideas and say anything ( OR : tell people / others anything ) .
Although it is not yet perfect but I feel my skills exactly upgrade .
Although it is not yet perfect I feel my skills improving .
Although it is not yet perfect , I feel my skills improving / becoming better .
Anyway I feel so sad with parting from him . . .
Anyway I feel so sad with parting with him . . .
Anyway I feel so sad about parting from him . . .
I only have good memories and leave . . .
I only have good memories . . .
From now . . . many dirty realities will wait for me . . .
and I think I will be not able to meet like him again in the hard world .
and I think I will be not able to meet someone like him again in this hard world .
It will be very precious memories to me . . . , so I hope to get them until dead . . .
It will be my precious memories . . , so I hope to hold on to them until I die . . .
Then . . .
addios . . .
adios . . .
my friend . . .
And thank you . . .

Skype ! my first time !
My first time using Skype !
I talked with my friend of high schooldays on Skype ! !
I talk with my friends from high schooldays on Skype ! !
I spoke with my high school friend on Skype ! !
This was my first time to talk on it 8 )
This was my first time using it . 8 )
I was suprised . .
It 's an epoch - making invention .
It 's a revolutionary invention .
I ca n't believe it 's free .
I thought I want a web camera !
I 'd buy it till next time ,
I wanna talk with her while see her face ; )
and , I wanna talk with native English speaker for to learn English .
I think I 'll be very nervous that time : 3
I think I 'll be very nervous the first time : 3
I 'll probably be very nervous : 3
Good animation
Sometimes a good animation does n't need any words .
In my opinion , a good animation has three element :
In my opinion , a good animation has three elements :
nicer script : Frist , you must grab people 's focus , what you want to say and the content whether make fans keep on it .
A nice script : First , you must grab people 's focus . What you want to say and the content determine whether people want to keep watching it .
Suitable background music : This is important , and I think A good music is spirit of movie .
Suitable background music : This is important , and I think good music is the spirit of the movie .
That can make people more easier put themself into the drama .
It can allow people to more easily put themselves into the drama .
Creative angle : Whatever what kinds of drama , which position we watch , it depends on director 's plan .
Of couse , actor 's design and its action are important . . hahaa like this octopus . . it let me feel very cute even though without any lines .
Of course , the character designs and their actions are important . . hahaa like this octopus . . it 's very cute even though it does n't have any lines .
by the way . . . how many feet does octopus have ?
By the way . . . how many feet does an octopus have ?
This is my first mail , I want to live in USA .
This is my first email , I want to live in the USA .
This is my first entry , I want to live in the USA .
This is my first mail . I want to live in the USA .
For that , I am studing English for long years , but not much . .
I have been studying English for many years , but I 'm not that good yet .
For that , I am studying English for many years , but not many . .
For that reason , I have studied English for a long time , but not very well . . .
I would like to speake and write more natively . .
I would like to speak and write like a native
I would like to speak and write more natively . .
I would like to speak and write more like a native .

Just the other day , I went on a field trip to four different high schools to listen to thier explanations about their schools .
The trip for parents is hosted every year by my son 's jounior high shcool , but this was my first time to attend one .
My son is in his last year of junior high school .
Early next year he will be takeing entrance exams for high schools .
He has to dicide which shcool he wants to go to but he is n't sure yet .
So on his behalf I went to check these schools .
I was very surprized to see how high shcools have changed since my school days .
They have various subjects such as the care for elderly , which we did n't have in our school days .
Later that day , we discussed the schools over dinner .
My son seemed to be interested after he read the leaflets the schools handed out .
I think it was a really good opportunity for my son to think about high schools .
Listening to explanations , going up and down stairs , and travelling form room to room was really trying , but I was satisfied with the results when I saw my son 's face at dinner .

happy time ~ ~ ~
This afternoon I had dinner with my tibetan friends together , ohh ~ ~ ~
This afternoon , my Tibetan friends and I had dinner with together , ohh ~ ~ ~
We were study in a same high school in Tibtet , we were often communicated with each other , like a football match , beautful grils , foods or CCP , tibetan chirdren are loyaly , friendly and smartly .
We studied in the same high school in Tibtet , we often communicated with each other about things like a football match , beautiful girls , foods or the CCP . Tibetan children are loyal , friendly and smart .
Sometimes I feel they were sensitived about some politics topics , but because of many reason , they felt happy , too .
Sometimes I felt they were sensitive about some political topics , but for of many reason , they felt happy too .
Our high school teachers were very cared for them , and the Han ethnic classmeets gladed help them to study many sbjects too ` ` `
Our high school teachers cared for them , and the ethnic Han classmates were glad to help them to study many subjects too ` ` `
The dinner was delicours , and we drinked a bit of beer , played some joke on eachother ` ` ` it 's a wonderful time . I frogot many annoying things temporarily , what a happy night in Beijing ~ ~ life is cool ~ ~
The dinner was delicious , and we drank a bit of beer and played jokes on each other . It was a wonderful time . I forgot many annoying things temporarily . What a happy night in Beijing ! ~ ~ life is cool ~ ~

A question about writing an English e - mail
I sent an e - mail at 1 / 23 to a professor in Japan .
This professor has verbally agreed that I could visit his laboratory in this summer .
This professor has verbally agreed that I could visit his laboratory this summer .
In the mail , I told him that I am ready to discuss my research plan with him when he has time .
In the email , I told him that I am ready to discuss my research plan with him when he has time .
However , I did not mention any detail of my plan .
However , I did not mention the details of my plan .
I guess it is probably the reason that I have gotten no response so far .
Therefore , I decide to write him another mail .
Therefore , I decided to send him another email .
I would like to put the contents of the former mail in the first part of this new mail , in case he did not receive or notice the former mail .
Could you teach me how to do it in a proper and polite way ?
Thank you very much for your responses ! !

dictionary
My english teachar recommended English Dictionary .
My english teacher recommended that I get an English Dictionary .
I called english - english dictionary in japan .
It 's called an `` english - english dictionary `` in Japan .
English word 's mean explaned in English .
The meanings of English words are explained in English .
My teachar talked when do you study english words think an english words in my head .
My teacher said `` when you study english words , think of english words in your head .
do n't think in japanese .
do n't think in Japanese `` .
I buyed english - english - dictionary in today .
I bought an english - english dictionary today .
Let 's use it !

first time writing diary here
My first time writing a diary here .
One of my friends just told me this website today , so I came here to try !
One of my friends just told me about this website today , so I came here to try it !
it 's winter break now .
It 's winter break now .
I really want to make my English better !
I really want to improve my English !
I 'll keep more diary here !
I 'll write more in the diary here !

For the first time in 2 months
I write this entry for the first time in 2 months because I was busy studying to prepare for the college entrance exam .
Writing English is difficult but exciting because I can tell people I do n't know in other countries what and how I feel and think .
When I get into college , I am going to studying a lot of English , Mathematics , Physics , Biology and , of course , Japanese .
And I will talk to people from other countries to the college and write this entries .
I am pleasant that we can communicate with each others and if I want to get acquainted with people whose faces are known by me I am immediately to able do so .

I took five lessons in English on my birthday .
I have many friends , but I would like to be alone on my birthday .
I have many friends , but I like to be alone on my birthday .
I 'd like to be able to learn English as soon as possible .
I had a very good time .
I recieved a lot of messages from my co - workers and friends on real world and on this web site .
I received a lot of messages from my co - workers and friends in the real world and on this web site .
I got some gifts from my co - workers .
I think tanks for that .
I think thanks for that .

Play the piano
Playing the piano
My hostmother is playing the piano very well .
My host mother plays the piano very well .
I was learning the piano as a child .
I learnt to play the piano as a child .
But I ca n't play an up tenpo music , like her .
but I ca n't play any up tempo music like she does .
Now I only sometimes play , once you become a much better practice .
These days I only sometimes play , though to become better takes much practice .
Anyway , tomorrow I hope the weather is clears up !
Anyway , I hope the weather clears up by tomorrow !
Changing the subject , I hope the weather is clears up tomorrow !
Goog night .
Good night .

It snowed in my town today .
Everything was snow - covered .
Everything was covered with snow .
I made a small snowman .
I really enjoyed today !

golden balance
7 . 8 : 2 . 2 This is my work and pribate balance .
7 . 8 : 2 . 2 This is my work and private balance .
Today it is snow , my boots sounds a tap tap .
Today it is snowing . My boots sounds like , `` tap tap `` .
I 'm going to read `` brave new world `` with some tea .
I 'm going to read `` Brave New World `` with some tea .

Hello I 'm stranger in here
Hello I 'm a stranger in here
Hello I 'm stranger here
Hello Since I regist account first come here .
Hello , I am new here .
Hello ! Since I registered my account , this is the first time I come here .
And I first writting my diary in this website .
I am writting in my diary for the first time here .
And this is my first diary in this website .
I 'm university student and I major in chinese .
I 'm a university student and I major in Chinese .
So I study chinese too , but chinese level is n't high too .
I am studying chinese too , but my chinese level is n't khigh enough .
So I also study chinese , but my chinese level is n't too high .
But I really love chinese and english , and study hard the two language .
But I really love chinese and english , and study both really hard .
But I really love Chinese and English , and I study hard these two languages .
Now I 'm until 2012 taking time off from school .
In 2012 I am taking time off from school .
So I live in Ulsan , Korea .
I live in Ulsan , Korea .
Now I live in Ulsan , Korea .
I recently working in elementary school as Public service personnel .
I am currently working in elementary school as a Public service personnel .
I am recently working in elementary school as a Public service personnel .
Publick service personnel is a part of the conscription system .
Public service personnel is a part of the conscription system .
Public service personnel is a part of the conscription system .
I want to be a ground crew .
So I everytime try to thinking , talking , reading about english and chinese .
I try to think , talk , and read in English and Chinese
So I everytime try to think , talk and read about English and Chinese .
When I return my university I 'm going abroad to China .
When I return to & nbsp ; my university I 'm going abroad to China .
When I finish my stydy at university , I 'm going abroad to China .
If I have enough money and time I want to go abroad to New zealand too .
When I have enough money and time I want to go abroad to New zealand too because my uncle lives there .
If I have enough money and time , I also want to go abroad to New zealand .
Because my uncle live in there .
Because my uncle lives there .
because my uncle lives there .
Then I end introducing myself .
Then I end introducing myself .
I want to meet good friends .
I think you who read this person will be ^ ^
I thank you who read this , I hope you 'll become my friend ^ ^
I think you , who read this , will be one ^ ^

My Summer Traveling
I 'll take half a month off for the summer vacation ! : )
It 's really rare to be able to take the vacation such a long time in Japan .
It 's really rare to be able to take a vacation for such a long time in Japan .
It 's really rare to be able to take such a long vacation in Japan .
And I decided to travel across Croatia and Slovenia for 12days ! !
And I have decided to travel across Croatia and Slovenia for 12days ! !
I have not decided anything yet except my flight schedules .
I have not decided anything yet except for my flights .
I look forward to this weekend to be able to check it out .

Here are my 2011 resolutions for my lifestyle .
1 ) Study harder about bookkeeping .
I think I want to take more challenges at accounting .
I will take some test about bookkeeping this year .
2 ) Write journal entries every single day .
Aim to take English test something .
Aim to take an English test .
This is difficult to do , though . . hehe .
3 ) Read two books per week .
I need to learn many things more , about Japanese culture , history , and so on . . .
I need to learn many more things about Japanese culture , history , and so on . . .
Anyway just only my hobbies ^ ^
Anyway they are just my hobbies ^ ^
What 's your goals by 2011 ?
What are your goals for 2011 ?

Japanese comics
I like the comic .
I like comics .
So I often read one .
I read comic books today .
My favorite comics are NARUTO and ONE PIECE , etc .
These make me exciting and happy .
These make me excited and happy .
And then these are sold on Monday .
Therefore I can hardly wait for Monday .

I lost my house key
Today I lost my home key ; - (
Today I lost the key to my house .
and I do n't Spare key .
and I do n't have a Spare key .
I must stay hotel .
I must stay at a hotel .
I have to stay at a hotel .
Please be careful lose your homekey .
Please be careful not to lose your homekey .
And you should have Spare key .
And you should have a Spare key .
See you !

I believe
I have worked in the IT industry which manage network and build systems for companies in the retail industry .
Here , I show you that I have worked them what I did .
First year , I introduce low - price drinks server for the company .
In the first year , I introduced a low - price drinks server for the company .
And I moved a making systems division to a sales division on October .
And I moved a making systems division to a sales division in October .
I took part in a event which hold at Makuhari as a promotion worker .
I took part in an event which was held at Makuhari as a promotion worker .
At that time , I traded business card with several customers .
I worked hard at the place and explaind many customers .
I worked hard at the place and explained things to many customers .
On Aplil , I moved also the division to manage a network division .
In April , I also led the division to manage a network division .
As can be seen , I change the most fast different a division in my colleague .
I learnd that It 's important to doing one consequence at the company .
Hence , I will go to UK university course entrepreneur or business .
Hence , I will go to a UK university course in entrepreneurship or business .

Homework .
What I feel ?
What do I feel ?
What I learn ?
What did I learn ?
In this period , I learned a lot of interesting things about all the themes that my classmates explained .
I learned new vocabulary that I did n't know .
I think the most important thing in a presentation is the vocabulary that you learn .
And other thing that I must learn is not be afraid when I speak in front of people .
And the other thing that I must learn is not be afraid when I speak in front of people .
Although I feel a bit bad , and dissapointed of me because I 've decided be more responsable with my homework and I did n't do it .
Although I feel a bit bad , and disappointed of myself because I 've decided to be more responsible with my homework and I did n't do it .
In both presentation , I did n't effort for get a good note , because I know that I could do it better but I did n't , but also I did n't recived the support of my team .
In both presentations , I did n't make an effort to get a good note and I know that I could have done it better but I did n't , but also , I did n't receive the support of my team .
If I was lazy , they were lazier than me .
If I was lazy , they were lazier than me .
That 's why I 've learn that I got to work harder , if my team do n't do anything , I got to do it because the note is important , and I guess that got to be individual .
That 's why I 've learned that I 've got to work harder , if my team do n't do anything , I 've got to do it because the note is important , and I guess that I have to do it by myself .
At the other hand , I felt very amazed about some clasmates , they did a wonderful job , I felt envy of them because I 'd love to do it at the same way or better .
On the other hand , I felt very amazed about some classmates . They did a wonderful job and I felt envious of them because I 'd love to do it in the same way or better .
But I promise the next time I 'll effort and I wo n't trust in my teammates .
But I promise that the next time I 'll make an effort and I wo n't trust in my teammates .

Niigata for business trip
Do you know about Niigata prefecture in japan , it 's at north of Honsyuu , faced Nihon sea .
Do you know about the Niigata Prefecture in Japan , it 's north of Honsyuu and faces the Nihon sea ?
Do you know about the Niigata prefecture in Japan ? It 's north of Honsyuu , and faces the Nihon sea .
Anyway I 'm going to there for business trip by bullet train , I heard it 's snowing and super cold .
Anyway , I 'm going to there for a business trip by bullet train ; I heard it 's snowing and it 's super cold there .
Anyway , I 'm going to there for business trip by bullet train . I heard it 's snowing and super cold .

I like tennis
Tonight I went to a tennis school .
Tennis began four years ago .
I began playing tennis four years ago .
Has recently participated in the tournament .
But still win the game .
I need to practice more .

Happy New year ~ !
Happy New Year !
Though I write New year frist journal late , I want to leave my saying to everyone .
I began New year with my oldest friend , we spent good time .
I began the new year with my oldest friend . We had a good time .
he already has a job , and bought a car .
He already has a job and bought a car .
I envy him a little about having a job ,
I envy him a little about having a job .
I get Senior university majoring in Polymer Engineering this year .
I 'm a senior in university , majoring in polymer engineering this year .
I hope I will get a job , and approach my dream this year .
I hope I will get a job and fulfill my dreams this year .
I hope you all succeed in your wish .
I hope you all succeed in fulfilling your wishes .
My personality
My Personality
My personality My Personality
People often say that I am always ready for fight .
People often say that I am always ready to fight .
Actually , I know I am easily offended and I regretted to be rude to people .
Actually , I know I am easily offended and I regret to be rude to people .
Actually , I know that I easily get offended and I regretbeing rude to people .
The other day , I found out that my cellphone was often likely to restart automatically at any time .
The other day , I found out that my cellphone often restart automatically at any time .
So I went to cellphone shop and I questioned why it restarted by itself every time .
So I went to a cellphone shop and I questioned why it restarted by itself every time .
So , I went to the cellphone shop and I asked them why it restarts by itself every time .
The assistant said without feeling that he did n't know the reason and it needed to repair at head office .
The assistant said without feeling that he did n't know the reason and it needed to be repaired at the head office .
The assistant said without feeling that he did n't know why and that it needed to be repaired at the head office .
Also he mentioned that it might cost a charge .
Also he mentioned that it might have cost a charge .
Also , he mentioned that it might cost something . .
Then I totally get mad and I said , `` Huh !
Then , I totally get mad and said , `` Huh !
Then I totally get mad and I said , `` Huh ? ``
Then , I totally get mad and say , `` Huh !
What do you mean by you did n't know at all ? ?
What do you mean you did n't know at all ? ?
You mean although I buy broken thing , I have to put in money ?
You mean although I buy broken thing , I have to spend money for this ?
I ca n't understand .
I ca n't understand . I do n't understand .
Forget it !
Forget it ! Forget about it !
I will ask someone else .
you are good for nothing ! ``
You good for nothing ! ``
In the end , this problem has n't solved yet . . .
In the end , this problem has n't been fixed yet . . .
and I need to be a gentleman .
and I need to be a lady .

I have found good study English web site
I have found a good English Studying web site .
I have nerver thought take a English lesson .
Because they take too much money .
because they cost too much money .
I have heard some ariticle that some English classes does n't good at teach English or some student does n't make any sense or fit their English level .
I have read some articles saying that some English classes do n't teach good english , or that some students do n't make any sense of it , or that it does n't fit their english level .
I might lucky girl because I can understand English even thouh I do n't take any lesson .
I might be a lucky girl because I can understand English even though I do n't take any lessons .
But myEnglish level is middle .
But my English level is intermediate .
I can conversation with native speaker .
My english is good enough to converse with native speakers .
It 's enougth for my English .
I am glad I speak English and conversation with naitive people .
I am glad I speak English and can converse with native people .
I ca n't good at speaking English but I can get along with native people .
I 'm not great at speaking English but I can get along with native people .
I am happy that I could make a friends with native people
I am happy that I can make friends with native people

My ex - boyfriend told me about this . . . about this moment , when you love the music that he loves , when you want to help him in any stupid thing , when you fall asleep with him in your head , when you 're ready to kill your time only for him . . .
I never felt in this way with anybody else , but him . . .
I ca n't believe in it , because I used to love him in a different way . . .

Is Japanese difficult to learn ?
If you come to Japan and speak a few Japanese , you will be praised for speaking Japanese , even if the sentence you speak is very short .
If you come to Japan and speak a little Japanese , you will be praised for speaking Japanese , even if the sentence you speak is very short .
If you come to Japan and speak a little bit of Japanese , you will be praised it . Even if the sentence you speak is very short .
That 's because Japanese people think Japanese language is one of the most difficult languages in the world .
That 's because Japanese people think the Japanese language is one of the most difficult languages in the world .
They have prides in their own language .
They have pride in their own language .
They have pride in their own language .
However , in my opinion , Japanese is n't the difficult language compared to other languages .
However , in my opinion , Japanese is n't the most difficult language compared to other languages .
However , in my opinion , Japanese is n't that difficult compared to other languages .
There are two reasons .
There are two reasons why .
First , the pronunciation of Japanese is much simpler than other languages .
Japanese have fewer vowels and consonants than English .
Japanese has fewer vowels and consonants than English .
Japanese has fewer vowels and consonants than English .
That 's why most Japanese ca n't differentiate the sound of `` L `` and `` R `` .
There is a joke about a Japanese politician .
The politician talked to an American journalist during an election time .
He wanted to say he was in the middle of the campain and said loudly , `` I have an erection now ! ``
He wanted to say he was in the middle of the campaign and said loudly , `` I have an erection now ! ``
Also , to differentiate `` worse `` and `` worth `` is difficult for Japanese .
The hardest one is to distinguish `` hurt `` from `` heart `` , `` fast `` from `` first `` .
The hardest ones to distinguish are `` hurt `` from `` heart `` and `` fast `` from `` first `` .
It sounds absolutely same to Japanese .
It sounds absolutely the same to Japanese .
It sounds absolutely the same to Japanese .
Japanese pronunciation is easier than other asian languages as well .
Japanese pronunciation is easier than other Asian languages as well .
For example , Chinese has four sounds for each vowel .
It has much more complex sound than the one of Japanese .
It has a much more complex sound than Japanese .
Second , the grammar of Japanese is simpler than many languages .
It does n't have male verbs and female verbs such as French , Spanish and Russian .
It does n't have male or female verbs like French , Spanish and Russian do .
It does n't have male verbs and female nouns such as French , Spanish and Russian .
No singular forms and plural forms .
There are no singular forms and plural forms .
No articles needed .
No articles are needed .
Fewer patterns of conjugation .
There are fewer patterns of conjugation .
These are the two reasons for which I believe Japanese is not difficult .
These are the two reasons why I believe Japanese is not difficult .
Of course , I have to admit it must be difficult if you want to reach a high level .
But it 's difficult to master any language , is n't it ?
I believe most difficult thing in learning Japanese is writing it because most people are n't used to its letters .
I believe the most difficult thing in learning Japanese is writing it because most people are n't used to its letters .
I believe most difficult thing in learning Japanese is writing it because most people are n't used to its characters .
I have to admit it must be challenging at first .
But you should n't hesitate to start to learn Japanese .
But you should n't hesitate to start learning Japanese .
After all , you do n't have to write when you talk to Japanese .
Do you think your native language is difficult to learn ?
What are the reasons ?

I brought my dog trimmed yesterday .
I brought my dog to get trimmed yesterday .
The first photo is the before , others are the after .
The first photo is before , others are after .
So cute ! !

Why people have problems with learning languages
I just wonder why so many people struggle with learning languages .
I think everybody has similiar mind and similar posibilities .
I think everybody has similar minds and similar potential .
Here is my question .
Here is my question :
Whtat do you think ?
Why do people have problems with learning languages ?
Maybe there are some reserach why people fail when they try to learn language ?
Maybe there is some research on why people fail when they try to learn language ?
What 's your opinion ?
What do you think about it ?
I know there are many mistakes .
Could you help me ? : )

Yesterday , my school was a hat day .
Yesterday , my school had a hat day .
If we wanted to wear our hat , we had to pay $ 2 .
If we wanted to wear our hats , we had to pay $ 2 .
The money is contributed .
The money is then contributed .
But I did n't wear my hat because I forgot this day ^ ^
But I did n't wear my hat because I forgot on the day ^ ^
Sep / 8 / 2011

We need to practice English every day .
Listening to English program , studying English magazine , etc .
Listening to English programs , studying English magazines , etc .
We have to studed English now , or we wo n't pass an important test after three years .
We have to study English now , or we wo n't pass an important test in three years .
We have to study English now , or we wo n't pass an important test in three years .
There is going to have a Jananess school to viste our school .
There is going to be a Japanese school visiting our school .
Also , there is going to be a Japanese school visiting our school .
And I going to receive one of the student .
And I going to receive one of the students .
And I am going to receive one of the Japanese students .
We have eight Japaness students in each class .
We will have eight Japanese students in each class .
There will be eight Japanese students in each class .
We have a lesson with them .
We will have a lesson with them .
We will have a lesson with them .
And we will teach Taiwaness history about Japan aggress Taiwan .
And we will teach Taiwanese history about Japanese aggression against Taiwan .
And we will teach Taiwanese history about Japan 's aggression towards Taiwan .
We all laughed after our history teacher told us that .
We all laughed when our history teacher told us that .
Maybe we will say something about contribution after Japaness aggress us .
Maybe we will say something about their contribution after the Japanese were aggressive towards us .
We will have a lot of activies when Japaness students come .
We will do a lot of activities when the Japanese students come .
We have a lot of activies planned for when the Japanese students come .
And I am expect that a lot .

excursion on school
I went to Okinawa , which is southern part of Japan , as a school event this week .
I went to Okinawa the southern part of Japan as a school event this week .
We were there for four days , and the first three days were rainy and cloudy , so I did n't feel I was in southern island .
We were there for four days . The first three days were rainy and cloudy , so I did n't feel I was in southern island .
Also , the hotel we stayed at on the last day was at the center of Naha City , the capital city of Okinawa , so it made me feel like I was in Tokyo , too .
Also , the hotel we stayed the last day was in the center of Naha City , the capital city of Okinawa , so it made me feel like I was in Tokyo .
But It was the last big event in my highschool life , so I enjoyed spending time with my friends there and visiting many places .
But it was the last big event in my high - school life , so I enjoyed spending time with my friends there and visiting many places .
We did water activities in the beautiful ocean , visited an aquareum and a museum , and other things .
We enjoyed water activities in the beautiful ocean and visited an aquareum , a museum and other things .
Everything went well without any trouble , and the trip made me realize an important thing , so I think it was nice to have this experience .
Everything went well without any trouble and the trip made me realize an important thing . So I think it was nice to experience it .

I have been quite busy in last couple of days becouse of my exams at the University .
I have been quite busy the last couple of days because of my exams at the university .
I 'm a student at the Silesian University of Technology , at the faculty of Environmental Engineering .
I 'm a student at the Silesian University of Technology in the Environmental Engineering department .
I enjoy my classes a lot and I know I will miss them when I will graduate .
I enjoy my classes a lot and I know I will miss them when I graduate .
I have one last exam left and when I passe it , I 'm going to have some holidays .
I have one exam left and when I pass it , I 'm going to have some time off .
Me and my dad are going to visit France to go skiing there .
My dad and I are going to France to go skiing .
I ca n't wait : ) When we will back I will have to start working at my thesis which is about ventilation and heating in passive house .
I ca n't wait ! : ) When we come back I will have to start working on my thesis , which is about ventilation and heating in passive houses .
My main task is to make a project of it and make a cost - effectiveness analysis .
My main task is to make a project of it and to make a cost - effectiveness analysis .

Just think it
I remember the day when I first watched Terminator 2 .
I remember the day ( when ) I first watched Terminator 2 .
I remember the day ( when ) I first saw Terminator 2 .
It was a really exciting film with two cyborg guys called terminator chasing and fighting each other .
It was a really exciting film with two cyborg guys called terminators chasing and fighting each other .
This movie is of course fictional .
But it made me wonder how soon we would see the society where such cyborgs or humanoid robots are living with us .
But it made me wonder how soon we would see a society where such cyborgs or humanoid robots are living with us .
But it made me wonder how soon we would see a society where such cyborgs or humanoid robots live among us .
Although it still takes time before we can actually create such sophisticated cyborgs , we may soon be able to have a simpler humanoid robot which can help us in our daily lives .
Although it will take time before we can actually create such sophisticated cyborgs , we may soon be able to have a simpler humanoid robot which can help us in our daily lives .
Although it will take time before we can actually create such sophisticated cyborgs , we may soon be able to have a simpler humanoid robot which can help us in our daily lives .
Recently Honda , a Japanese automaker , announced that they have succeeded in developing technology by which we can control a robot with a mere thought .
The technology links human thoughts and humanoid robots .
So if you want one of the robots to move his right arm , for example , all you need to do is just think about it in your head .
So if you want one of the robots to move its right arm , for example , all you need to do is just think about it in your head .
This is awesome .
That is awesome .
I 'm a little concerned that this kind of technology would be used for a military purpose ( as you can see in the movie ) .
I 'm a little concerned that this kind of technology will be used for military purposes ( as you can see in the movie ) .
I 'm a little concerned that this kind of technology could be used for a military purpose ( as you can see in the movie ) .
I 'm a little concerned that this kind of technology would be used for a military purposes ( as you can see in the movie ) .
I know , for better or worse , technological developments have always come hand in hand with military activities .
I know , for better or worse , technological developments always go hand in hand with military activities .
I know , for better or worse , technological developments have always gone hand in hand with military activities .
I know , for better or worse , technological developments have always gone hand in hand with military activities .
But I just hope that they use this great technology to improve human well - being .
By the way , I think the movie has its sequel .
By the way , I think the movie has a sequel .
By the way , I think the movie has a sequel .
Is it interesting ?

I went to grocery shopping today , and I bought two cardigans in two different colors along the way .
After I came back home , I put on same - color upper to match with it and I was satisfied with the looks .
After I came back home , I put on the same - color upper to match with it and I was satisfied with how it looked .

I am very happy !
I lost my hat on last saturday .
I lost my hat last saturday .
I was so sad .
I took the news that it was caught in .
I got mail about it was found .
I got an e - mail saying that it was found .
So I am very happy !

really helpful !
It 's really cool to meet a lot of foreigne friends here .
It 's really cool to meet a lot of foreign friends here .
I think you guys are really nice and open - minded .
In addition , I feel that really happy that know people who likes language as I do .
Everyone has their own reason to learn a or more target language .
No matter what your reason is , there is the only one thing I know that is we all love language with great enthusiasm !
Many lovely people gives me courage and correction , even though my Eng .
Many lovely people are giving me courage and corrections . Even though my Eng .
is a big disaster , you guys still correct my mistake patiently .
Even though my English is a big disaster , you guys * still correct my mistake patiently .
Anyway , thank you all ~ ~ ~ and I will keep working ! ! ! : )

itchy eyes all day
I have been itchy eyes all day .
I have had itchy eyes all day .
I have had itchy eyes all day .
My friends said that you did n't scratch eyes .
My friends said that you should n't scratch your eyes .
My friends said that you should n't scratch your eyes .
That 'll make it worse .
That would make it worse .
You 'd better wash your eyes .
I thought about the cause .
I thought about what could have caused this .
At last , I found that ; refer to in the Japan Times Online , Asama has mild eruption , ash reaches Kanto .
I registered to this site today .
I registered on this site today .
- - - - -
Nice to meet you .
It was very fine today ! !
I want to have a good dream tonight .
Good night .

It is Friday .
That means weekend is just around corner .
That means the weekend is just around the corner .
I like that .
This weekend , my family will be held party to celebrate my dad 's birthday .
This weekend , my family will be holding a party to celebrate my dad 's birthday . y
I should buy a present for him .
I am not decided yet but must set up for it at least this afternoon .
I am not decided yet but must at least plan for it this afternoon .
I am thinking about sports wear to buy for him to encourage him to do work out .
I am thinking about sports wear to buy for him to encourage him to work out .
I hope that he likes them .

I am excited .
I will have a guest from Singapore next month .
She will stay 4days .
She will stay for 4 days .
She is a high school student .
I ca n't wait for her .
I ca n't wait for her to come / get here .
Anyway I have a plan to go to Kyoto r Nara .
Anyway , I have a plan to go to Kyoto or Nara .
What do you think to go there ?
What do you think ?
Does she like it ?
Will she like it ?
I do n't know what kind of food does she like .
I do n't know what kind of food she likes .
But I 'm so excited !

We can do , we ca n't do .
I am going to write here about some rules .
I have a restaurant .
People can eat there , but ca n't drink .
I have a bar .
People can drink there as well as smoke .
You can park your car just next to the hotel .
You can park your car beside the hotel .
You can not park your car here in front due to the no parking zone area .
You can not park your car in front because it 's a no parking zone .
You can try a free fall jump with the help of parachute but you ca n't jump without it .
You can swim in this swimming pool , but you ca n't swim in my swimming pool .
You can enjoy horse riding there , but you ca n't here because it is my personal farmhouse .
You can stay in this hotel , but you ca n't stay in my hotel because it 's so expensive .
Actually , you can not afford this .

I 'm happy !
I 've just started writing daily .
As soon as I wrote dairly , some corrected comments recieved .
As soon as I started writing , I received some comments .
So I 'd like to continue to write my dairly .
So I 'd like to continue my diary .
My dog `` Fal `` who is Itarian gray hound , he does n't like
My dog `` Fal `` , who is Italian gray hound , does n't like
stay at home alone .
to stay at home alone .
Only a few hours , he misses me .
After only a few hours , he misses me .
But dogs life is n't so long , I ' am going to stay with him
But a dogs life is n't so long , so I 'm going to stay with him
as possible I can .
as long as I possibly can .

my birthday
Nice to meet you !
I write diary in English for the first time ,
This is my first time to write a diary in an English ,
so my English is not good yet .
so some of my English grammars are n't polished yet .
I hope you can correct it .
I hope you can correct some of its errors .
And let me have your honest comments ! !
Today was my birthday : )
Today is my birthday . : )
I had my haircut and my black hair dyed dark brown .
I had my haircut and my black hair was dyed dark brown .
And I bought some cakes .
It was great birthday !
It was a great birthday !

Part - time
Today I did part - time job from 8 to 4 .
So I had to arrive in the place where I worked at 8 .
But When I leaved my home , I would be late .
But when I left my home , I knew I would be late .
The bus that I wanted to get on was was late to .
The bus that I wanted to get on was was late too .
As a result I was able to get on the bus , and I was just in time for job .
As a result I was able to get on the bus , and I was just in time for the job .
I felt relieved .
I 'm doing the same job tomorrow .
I should get up earlier .
Thank you ^ ^

About Kitties .
About Kittens .
I 'm staying my friends house now .
I 'm staying at my friends house now .
His cat bored four kitties recently , and all of those are so cute ! !
I think being cute is stronger than any thing now .
I think being cute is stronger than anything now .
If now is the ancient age , they would be killed or eaten immediately by snake or something , but now is modern era .
If now was the ancient age , they would be killed or eaten immediately by a snake or something , but now is the modern era .
Snake or something is picked out from their position by much stronger animal , human being .
The snake is picked out from its position by much a stronger animal , the human being .
So , kitties got much more power with their cutie .
So , kittens got much more power with their cuteness .
Kitty 's perfect cutie is much more powerful than incomplete power of snake or something now .
The kittens ' perfect cuteness is much more powerful than the incomplete power of snakes now .

Today , I played tennis at the Yokoyama Tennis court .
Many people gathered there to be a stronger tennis player .
Many people gathered there to practise their tennis .
Many people gather there to practice tennis .
After practicing , me and Asano matched with strong pair .
After practicing , me and ( my friend ? ) Asano were matched against a strong pair .
After practicing , Asano and I played a match against a strong pair .
To tell the truth , they were n't that strong , but we lost .
To tell the truth , they were n't that strong , but we lost anyway .
Asano was in the bad condition today .
Asano was in bad condition today .
He did a lot of double faults .
I realized when my pair was in the bad condition , all you need is a teamwork .
I realized when my partner was in bad condition that all you need is teamwork .

My aim in 2009
I think many people are all have their new year 's aim , so do I .
I think many people have new year 's goals . So do I .
My new year 's aim is that passed Japanese 2level and improve my english .
My new year 's goal is to pass Japanese 2level and improve my english .
Since I worked , my study intereting is less than before when I was in college .
Since I 've started working , my interest in studying is less than before , when I was in college .
But I found if you don not study your brain may be more and more not bright .
But I found if you do not study , your brain may become more and more unintelligent .
So I suppose that we must study if only have time .
So I suppose that we must study only if we have time .
Just like one sentence `` One is never too old to learn `` .
Do you think so ?

Do you think people should be able to choose when they want to die ?
I think you should n't be able to choose when they want to die .
I think people should n't be able to choose when they want to die ,
Since it also murder .
since it is also murder .
Some people said it not only help for the end of theirs pain but also it help to slove their family 's economic problems .
Some people say it not only helps to end their pain but also it helps to solve their family 's economic problems .
They have a right which is their live a quiet life for the rest of their days .
They have a right which is to live a quiet life for the rest of their days .
Even though their pain is so hard to endure , they should keep their final right .
This is a bless .
This is a blessing .
If they had a crime , they could atone .
If they had committed a crime , they could atone .

Is the study of ancient civilizations still relevant today ?
I have n't been much of histric buff myself .
I have n't been much of a history buff myself ,
So , I do n't know the details of ancient civilizations .
therefore I do n't know the details of ancient civilizations .
I think they are still relevant today because histry has a way of repeating itself .
I think they are still relevant today because history has a way of repeating itself .
Wnen we learn history , people usually associate their own lives with the history and try to learn things relevant to today 's society .
That way , they can feel familiar with the acient history .
That way , they can feel familiar with ancient history .
I think when you study history , it 's good idea for us to try to seek what the history has in common with our society now .
I think that when you study history , it 's good idea to try to seek what history has in common with our society now .
I imagine trying the way will make synapse connect with each other transcending the long time .

Have a great year !
Thank you for everything !
I hope the new year will be great for you all !
I will try my best next year too .
God - bye , 2009 !
Good - bye , 2009 !

American Court TV show
I live in NY since September , moving from Japan , and discover and wonder new things about US , writing about my questions or comment .
I have lived in NY since September , coming from Japan . And I am now discovering and wondering at new things I learn about the US , and writing about my questions or comments .
the other day I was shocked with the dispute on TV show .
the other day I was shocked with the dispute on a TV show .
in the show , a young wife suspected that his ex husband abused their second kid who is just 8 year old .
she reported her kid seemingly behaves strangely so that she asked what is wrong with her then she confessed their father , I mean her husband abuse the daughter .
she reported that her kid seemingly behaved strangely . So when she asked what was wrong with her , she confessed their father , I mean her husband abused the daughter .
at first , I was very shocked not because she reported sexual abuse but because such serious dispute on air and was going to be argued in public .
the TV show was end up that she lied because she wanted to get back the custody of her first daughter who now lives with her ex husband .
the conclusion was , that she lied because she wanted to get back custody of her first daughter who now lives with her ex husband .
the reason that she was deprived of her custody of first child was she was overdoes of cocain ( I forgot why she had it at that time )
the reason that she was deprived of her custody of their first child , was she overdosed on cocaine ( I forgot why she had it at the time )
I thought Court TV show should deal with easy case , but I do n't know what is easy and what is serious in US .
I thought Court TV shows dealt with easy cases , but I do n't know what is easy and what is serious in the US .

about the rest of my UK life
about the rest of my UK life
Today is the second day of May .
Today is the second day of May .
Four monthes have passed since the new year 's day and this means that my visa expires within ten monthes .
Four months have passed since new years day and this means that my visa expires within ten monthes .
Recently , I have been thinking how to spend the rest of my time in this country .
Recently , I have been thinking how to spend the rest of my time in this country .
I left London at the beggining of March and I 've been working on the farm for two monthes .
I left London at the beggining of March and I 've been working on the farm for two months .
I can say that my life on the farm has been better than what I imagined before beginning it .
I can say that my life on the farm has been better than what I imagined before I started it . [ more natural ]
So I am satisfied with the life I 'm spending now .
But , honestly , I am feeling a little bit tired because of having been doing physical works for two monthes .
But , honestly , I am feeling a little bit tired because of having done physical works for two months .
Fortunately , I have some things to do in London at the end of this month .
Fortunately , I have some things to do in London at the end of this month .
So it must be a good chance for me to take a rest and decide what I do after then .
So it must be a good chance for me to take a rest and decide what to do after that .
I have n't decided yet , but , after taking a rest , I would start working on the farm again and keep doing it as long as possible .
I have n't decided yet , but , after taking a rest , I would like to start working on the farm again and keep doing it as long as possible .
Hello friends
This morning while I am sleep some one send the message to me and said wake up wake Noy something like that who is my sister that so for from my now but just about the distance but we are closed about heart .
This morning while I was sleeping someone sent a message to me and said `` Wake up , wake up Noy `` or something like that . She is my sister who lives so far from me , but we are close in our hearts .
after that about 5 second she called me again to day goodmonging I did not anwers because we know if she called me it that mean would like to say something even morning or good night .
About 5 seconds later she called me again to say good morning . I did not answer because we know if she calls me it means she would like to say good morning or good night .
She leaved on skype while me and tyler talking because it is a bad conection from her country .
She got disconnected from Skype yesterday while me and Tyler were talking because it is a bad connection from her country .
She left out of skype while I and Tyler talking because it was a bad conection in her country .
before she gone she did not say some thing before as give me something as usaullly she did it because she sundently to gone .
Before she left she did not say something to me as she usually does because she was suddenly gone .
before she had gone , she did not say some thing before as give me anything as usaul , she did it because she sundently had gone .
I will ask her for Hug me another day .
I will ask her for a hug another day when I see her again .
I will ask her for hugging me another day .
when I see her again .
and I want to say something with her I am sorry I have no money to sent her back message . poor noy .
And I want to say something to her . I am sorry I have no money to send her back a message . Poor Noy .
and I want to say something with her I am sorry I have no money to sent her back my message . Poor noy !
also that day I have a listen a very good misic from Tyler .
I also listened to a very good song from Tyler yesterday .
He ca n't sing but he can hum and dance and and play the quiter .
He ca n't sing but he can hum and dance and and play the guitar .
He could n't sing but he could hum and dance and and play the guiter .

Start Day
From today , I try to write a diary in English .
From today , I will try to write a diary in English .
I will get a skill of writing in English through this item .
Today , I introduce myself .
At first , My nickname is `` jiji `` .
This nickname come from GHIBLI 's character .
This nickname comes from GHIBLI 's character .
I like this GHIBLI 's movie like `` Tonarino totoro `` , `` Mazyono Takkyubin ``
I like this GHIBLI 's movies , like `` Tonarino totoro `` and `` Mazyono Takkyubin `` .
Next , I live in Kanagawa Japan .
Next , I live in Kanagawa , Japan .
But , I lived in Fukuoka until this march .
But , I lived in Fukuoka until this March .
So now , I search good place like cafe , park , restaurant and so on .
So now , I search good places like cafe , park , restaurant and so on .
Recently , I had found good cafe ! !
Recently , I found a good cafe ! !
Last , My hobby is swimming or watching movie .
My recommend movie is `` The tiger and The snow `` .
My recommended movie ( or I recommend the movie ) is `` The Tiger and The Snow `` .
This movie is drawn love romance .
First Day , I finish writing just few introduce . . .
I want to write more speedily .
I will do !
I will !

If I 'm a Piture . . .
If I 'm a Pitcher . . .
If I 'm a pitcher . . .
For a long time , I went to Song gang Dong field in order to play baseball game at early moring .
For a long time , I went to Song gang Dong field in order to play a baseball game in early morning .
For a long time , I went to Song gang Dong field in order to play baseball games during the early moring .
Then , I tired to go there and also It was diffuclt to drive my car because I met a friend who live in Seoul yesterday .
Then , I tried to go there , and also It was difficult to drive my car because I met a friend who lives in Seoul yesterday .
But when I tried to go there yesterday , it was difficult to drive my car because I had to meet a friend who lives in Seoul .
Today was very hot day .
Today was a very hot day .
Today was a very hot day .
We matched institute of national security science at 11pm .
We played The Institute of National Security Science at 11pm .
I 'm a piture and 5 hiiter .
I 'm a pitcher and the 5th hitter .
I 'm a pitcher and 5th hitter
I 'm a bad baseball player but I hard exercised during the later winter .
I 'm a bad baseball player but I exercise hard during the later winter .
I 'm a bad baseball player , but I exercised hard during the last winter .
Our game started at12 : 00 and I was so nerveous .
Our game started at 12 : 00 and I was so nervous .
Our game started at12 : 00 , and I was so nervous .
My beseball career is shorter than anyone but I have good physical abilities that fast foots , strong sholders , endurance for any pain .
My beseball career is shorter than everyone 's but I have good physical abilities like fast feet , strong shoulders , and endurance for any pain .
My baseball career is shorter than anyone 's , but I have good physical abilities like fast feet , strong shoulders , and an endurance for pain .
I also enthusiastically do everything not to lose . .
I also enthusiastically do everything not to lose . .
I also enthusiastically do everything so we will not lose . .

The Calligraphy of Chinese and the traditonal Chinese painting !
Chinese Calligraphy and Traditional Chinese Painting !
Hi , foreign friends , especially who like Chinese culture , I want to show you two important parts of Chinese culture today !
Hi , ( my ) foreign friends , especially those of you who are interested in Chinese culture . I want to tell you about two important parts of Chinese culture today !
The Calligraphy of Chinese , which has 3000 years at least , is a brilliant traditional art .
Chinese calligraphy , which is has been practiced for at least 3000 years , is a brilliant traditional art .
It has a long growth history , and has gone through seal character period , clerical script period , and regular script period in general .
I have learned it by myself , the picture in my album is wrote by myself ( * _ * ) .
I have taught myself how to write calligraphy and wrote the example in my album ( * _ * ) .
The Chinese painting , the another traditional art , is drew by writing brush which is also used to Calligraphy !
Chinese painting , the traditional art , is painted by writing brushes that are also used in calligraphy !
Maybe you will like it !
the picture in my album is also drew by myself .
I also drew the picture in my album myself
The Calligraphy of Chinese and the traditonal Chinese painting both
Chinese calligraphy and traditional Chinese painting both
need similarity in spirit rather than in form !
( It is so difficult for me to translate Chinese culture into English !
So this article must be wrong in many place , thanks for your correcting and advice ! )
So this article must be wrong in many places , thanks for your corrections and advice ! )

I 'm home
I come back to home .
I went back home ! !
I take a Monorail .
I took a Monorail .
My house is convenience .
My house is convenient .
Becouse near station .
Because it is near the station .

What is Halloween ? ?
Hello , everyone !
Halloween is coming soon .
Did you find a costume ?
Will you have a party ?
I know kids visit neighbors and gather sweets .
But why do you wear a costume ?
Why do they get sweets ?
What does Halloween mean ?
Thank you for reading : )

I attended Bible class .
I attend Bible class once a week at an English conversation school .
I have no religion , but the class is held for anyone who is interested in .
I have no religion , but the class is held for anyone who is interested in it .
The teacher of the Bible class is an American English teacher who works there and volunteers to teach Bible .
Although I 'm not that school student , they welcome me , so this is really good opportunity to learn English and Bible .
Although I 'm not that school student , they welcome me , so this is really good opportunity to learn English and the Bible .
During the class , we read the Bible and she teachs us in English .
Since our regular teacher have to work for another temporary job for 6 weeks , my American friend who used to a student of the class substitutes for our teacher for the time being .
Since our regular teacher has to work another temporary job for 6 weeks , my American friend who used to a student of the class substitutes for our teacher for the time being .
So today I took her first Bible class , and she did it well , she prepared very well .
I have become to feel closer to her than before .
I have come to feel closer to her than before .
She is a person who is sincere and works hard , and I like those people .

This year I 've started to study ballet , it 's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child , or at least that was I always tought , but I was lucky to have the chance .
This year I 've started to study ballet . It 's known that you only can learn to dance ballet when you are a child , or at least that was I always thought , but I was lucky to have the chance .
This year I started taking ballet lessons . They say you can only become good at ballet if you begin practicing as a child ( at least that 's what I 've always heard ) , but I think I 'm lucky to have the chance now .
I wo n't lie , I was really ashamed because I was the oldest of the girls there , but with time passing I learnt to enjoy it ^ ^
It was embarrassing at first because I was the oldest girl there , but with time I 've learned to enjoy it ^ ^
Our professor always says : `` I will never permit my students to be less than me , you have to be equal or better than me ``
Our teacher always says `` I will never allow my students to be less than me . You have to become at least as good as me . ``
This month he wants our debut as a ballet company , not only as a academy , so we are doing a show with another academies of Peru , Chile and Argentina .
This month he wants our us to debut as a ballet company , not only as a academy , so we are doing to do a show with other academies from Peru , Chile and Argentina .
This month he wants us to debut as a ballet company , not only as a academy , so we are going to do a show with other academies from Peru , Chile and Argentina .
Rehearsals have been really hard , but everyone is motivated with the idea and we are doing our best .
We are doing `` Coppelia `` , even if we are not proffesionals dancers just adding a little of fun to the original play is doing it great .
We are doing `` Coppelia `` , even though we are not professional dancers . We are adding a little bit of fun to the original play and it is going it great .
I 'm really excited and really tired ^ ^

Is It Good to be Persuasive
Is It Good to be Persuasive ?
In my culture , people are not always aggrassive , and we are always thinking about others more or as much as ourselves .
In my culture , people are not always aggressive and we are always thinking about others , as much as , or indeed more than ourselves . [ 1 ]
Since I were not from the States , I am not sure about the culture here .
Since I am not from the States , I am not sure about the culture here .
As far as I have heard and experieced , the culture here is that people care about themselves more than others and they are more self - centered , which I do n't mean in a good way or bad way .
As far as I have heard and experienced , the culture here is that people care about themselves more than others . They are more self - centered , which I do n't mean in a good nor bad way .
Since the culture is very important in the everyday life .
Since culture is very important in everyday life ,
\ what we should act depend on the culture or norm in the place we live .
how we should act depends on the culture or norm in the place we live .
For example , in my country , the distance between people is small , so everything can be flexible and depends on the relationship between people involed .
For example , in my country , the distance between people is less , so everything can be flexible and it depends on the relationship between the people involved .
However , in the United States , regulations and laws are first .
However , in the United States , regulations and laws come first .
Therefore , I always think before I act becuase I am not sure what is the right way to do .
Therefore , I always think before I act because I am not sure what the correct way to act is .
For example , I have a question : if someone refused your proposal , is it ok to be persuasive and ask the person again ?
For example , I have a question : if someone refuses your proposal , is it ok to be persuasive and ask the person again ?

Today , I went to watch movie .
Today , I went to watch a movie .
A title is `` eat play love `` Julia Roberts is playing in this show .
The title is `` Eat Play Love `` . Julia Roberts is acting in this film .
My friend said the satisfaction of this movie is not so good by a survey on the website , but I do n't think so .
My friend said this movie is not so good judging by a website survey , but I do n't agree .
It was good movie .
It was a good movie .
She who is the main character in this show traveled Ltaly , India and Bali .
The main character traveled to Italy , India and Bali .
She met many peple and found herself .
She met many people and found herself .
She took maditation in India .
She performed meditation in India .
It seems so hard but I think itYs a good way to see myself deeply .
It seems hard but I think it 's a good way to see myself deeply .
If I have some problem , I want to try doing it .
If I have a problem , I want to try meditating .
Moreover , When I saw the scene in Italy , it made me want to go to Italy .
Moreover , when I saw the scene in Italy , it made me want to go to Italy .
Actually , I have been there and ate pasta and pizza .
Actually , I have been there . I ate pasta and pizza .
The pizza that I ate in Italy is the best in my life .
The pizza I ate in Italy was the best I have ever had .
I want to eat that one again .
I want to eat it again .
It was really amazing ! !

Lectures have begun !
It has been 3months since I came here .
It has been 3 months since I came here .
I was supposed to give lectures right after moving into this city , but fortunately ( ? ) at that time it was a vacation .
I was supposed to give lectures right after moving to this city , but fortunately at that time it was a vacation .
So suddenly I became really FREE .
At the first time I enjoyed my free time .
At first , I enjoyed my free time .
It was good .
There was nothing to do by force and I had lots of time .
But after a week I got so bored !
I realized that doing nothing makes my body and soul tired the most .
I realized that doing nothing makes my body and soul tired
Now finally lectures have begun and I 've been busy preparing them .
But I think now I 'm having the happiest time ever .

I 'm broke
Over the last a few months , I bought some clothes .
The most difficult thing in someone 's life might is to find exact Clothes , I think .
The most difficult thing in someone 's life might be to find clothes that fit perfectly , I think .
Where my clothes is waiting for me ?
Where are my clothes is waiting for me ?
Is there any clothes that fit me . . ?
Are there any clothes that fit me . . ?
Now , I regret buying such a huge amount of clothes . . .
( But , , . .
( But . . .
Actually I bought 3 shirts and 1 pants . .
Actually I bought 3 shirts and 1 pair of pants .
That 's it . . )
That 's it . )
I learnt a lesson .
If I find a pretty good clothes , put it down first .
If I find something that looks good on me , I should put it down first .
and think carefully . .
is this thing I really want ?
Do I really want this ?
It 's OK to try it on once or twice .
Next , If the clothes is really good on me , Please think again , Is this what I really necessary ? ?
Next , If the clothes are really good on me , I should think again . Is this really necessary ? ?
I bought one pants a few months ago .
I bought one pair of pants a few months ago .
At that time , I did n't follow that .
Whenever I put on that pants , It looks like hip hop style .
The pants are in hip - hop style .
It do n't fit my body , It makes me look like dwarf .
It does n't fit my body . It makes me look like a dwarf .
Come to think of it . . .
I bought the pants impursively . .
It was impulse buying . .
It was an impulse buy .
So , I decide when I buy any clothes , I 'll follow that step ! !
So , I decided , when I buy any clothes , I 'll follow that step ! !
Ladies and Gentleman ! !
If your friend say you to buy something , Say `` Let me sleep on it `` .
If your friend tells you to buy something , Say `` Let me sleep on it `` .

Genius and his son
Needless to say , MIYAZAKI Hayao is a famous animator , and he 's one of geniuses .
His works are obviously masterpieces , but geniuses are often disagreeable fellows .
Studio Ghibli was established for Miyazaki in 1985 .
Studio Ghibli was established by Miyazaki in 1985 .
He made a lot of excellent animation films there .
However , he ca n't live forever .
Studio Ghibli has to continue living as a company , so , it has to cultivate new talents of animation films .
Studio Ghibli has to continue living as a company , so , it has to cultivate new talent in animation films .
Producer Suzuki , he is virtually the CEO of Studio Ghibli , tried to foster new human resources again and again , but Miyazaki always pressured young animators .
The producer ( first name ) Suzuki is virtually the CEO of Studio Ghibli , tried to foster new human resources again and again , but Miyazaki always pressured young animators .
`` You know nothing what animation is .
You do n't have any talent . ``
Whenever young animation - creators made their films , Miyazaki interfered in their works .
He showed them modified pictures painted by him , and those pictures were obviously more excellent than original pictures .
Miyzaki is a genius .
Those who work together with a genius are always forced to know that they are not geniuses .
This is a reason why Studio Ghibli does n't have animation - directors except Miyazaki .
Of course , Suzuki grasped that this situation was abnormal .
Studio Ghibli needs new animation - creators , but they are always pressured by Miyazaki .
Suzuki encouraged young creators , but Miyazaki always gave them acid comments .
The issue was that what Miyazaki said were always right .
About animation and pictures , Miyazaki allows someone no mercy .
He has a son , Miyazaki Goro .
Miyazaki ( Hayao ) is not a bad father , but when Goro was a child , Miyazaki spoke ill of the pictures painted by his young son .
Miyazaki is a genius , and geniuses are never gentle .
Goro likes animation - films , and he wanted to be an animator .
However , he had to give up his dream , because he was forced to know that animation - films had to be made by geniuses , and he was not a genius .
It was not so easy for him and everyone to live as a son of Miyzaki hayao .
Goro is an excellent architect , and he was invited to Studio Ghibli when it built the Ghibli Museum .
Miyazaki ca n't communicate with other people well , because he often shows his autocratic attitudes .
Goro is painstaking , and he can be a good `` translator `` for Miyazaki and his staffs .
Miyazaki is obviously a bad boss , and such a man as him should not be accepted in an organization .
However , he is a genius , and Studio Ghibli ca n't survive without him .
Therefore , Suzuki and the staffs of Studio Ghibli needs a good communicator between Miyazaki and them .
Only Goro can act the role , because he is a `` professional `` son of Miyazaki .
One day , Suzuki thought that Goro should have made an animation film .
Young creators were burst with pressures by Miyazaki .
Young creators were bursting from pressure by Miyazaki .
Goro was mentally tough , so , he might be able to make an animation film under the pressures from Miyzaki .
In 2006 , Goro and Studio Ghibli made an animation film , `` Gedo - senki ( Tales from Earthsea ) `` .
Many people passed strictures on the film , and Miyzaki was one of them .
Many people criticized ? the film , and Miyzaki was one of them .
Miyazaki said to Goro ,
`` You have no talent on animation .
You have no experience making animation films .
You have to stop making animation films . ``
Although Goro knew that he was not a genius , he loved animation and making films .
He did n't give up making animation - films .
This year , he made a new animation - film , `` Kokuriko - zaka kara ( From Up On Poppy Hill ) `` .
Miyazaki spoke ill of that film again , but audiences had other views .
Goro is not a genius , but he is a good film - maker .
His that work may not be a masterpiece , but many people love it .

Move to a new house .
2weeks ago I moved to Ilsan from seoul .
I have started to live with my uncle and his family .
He let me stay at a room used as study thankfully .
I have two little cousins .
One 's 17years younger than me , and the other 's a 4 month old baby .
they are so young and adorable .
I like to live here but a little inconvenient .
I like to live here but a it 's little inconvenient .
Because I have to go to seoul everyday It 's too far from Ilsan .
Because I have to go to Seoul everyday . It 's too far from Ilsan .
I always wake up at 7am and go out after 20minute .
Then I arrive my class at 9am .
After the class I usally come back home at 10pm .
It 's very busy life .
It 's a very busy life .
I a little miss my old house .
I miss my old house a little .

My hobby ( in other words , my ability )
Hi guys , it 's a long time since I wrote a diary last time .
Hi guys , it 's a been long time since I wrote a diary last time .
I 'll write about my hobby this time , and I can say it for my ability .
I liked draw picture when I was elementary schooler , and now , I like using Photoshop .
I liked to draw pictures when I was an elementary schooler , and now , I like using Photoshop .
But I do n't have much time to practice using it now . . .
I have a lot of things I want to do such as going to graduate school , practicing the piano , drawing picture and it .
Actually I leaned how to play the piano when I was elementary schooler for half a year , but the class is a little far from my flats . . .
It took 30 min from my flats by bike , so I do n't go there over time . .
It took 30 min from my flat by bike , so I did n't go there after a while . .
uh , I regret about it .
OK , let get down to business .
My hobby is above things , and I like making poster using Photoshop .
I posted one of my works .
I make it this year , and I start to use this year .
Haha , now I 'm braging about it .
Haha , now I 'm bragging about it .
But still I ca n't draw pic using Photoshop and still do n't have any confident about it .
But still I ca n't draw a pic using Photoshop and I still do n't have any confidence about it .
Actually I used soft ware on the web to process the picture .
Actually , I used software on the web to process the picture .
the big boy ( ? ) on this pic is originally picture .
The big boy ( ? ) on this pic is the original picture .
Oh , I 've forgotten to tell you what poster is this .
This is sort of festival poster .
This is sort of a festival poster .
One of my friend manage this festival through his club .
One of my friends managed this festival through his club .
In fact I respect him , so I helped him .
He dragged in various kind of people .
He dragged in various kinds of people .
In addition , he asked to company to be sponsor , and got some money .
In addition , he asked a company to be a sponsor , and got some money .
Perhaps he will become the president or something big man .
My goal is to make good posters and works without some software but Photoshop .
My goal is to make good posters and works without some software ( except , besides ) Photoshop .
My goal is to make good posters and works without any software but Photoshop .
How about you ?
what 's your hobby ?
What 's your hobby ?
Sorry I do n't use dictionary a lot this time , so there is probably a lot of mistakes . . . > <
Sorry I did n't use a dictionary a lot this time , so there is probably a lot of mistakes . . . > <
Sorry I did n't use a dictionary a lot this time , so there are probably a lot of mistakes . . . > <

It was so lazy day . . .
Today was a lazy day . . .
I am so exhausted and tired now , because all day I have spent doing sth .
I have n't been to swimming pool and my swimming skills are in a bad condition : ( I must do sth with it .
I have n't been to the swimming pool ( lately ) , and my swimming skills are in a poor condition . I must do something about it .
I promise jogging and spending days more actively !

TOKYO warm day
Today is very warm and fine day .
Today is a very warm and fine day .
But this fine days wo n't last much longer .
But these fine days wo n't last much longer .
I 'm watching TV program `` PU - SSUMA `` now , it 's very popular program .
I 'm watching a TV program called `` PU - SSUMA `` now . It 's a very popular program .
In JAPAN , we have many casual ( family ) restaurants of various countries food .
In JAPAN , we have many casual ( family ) restaurants of various countries ' food .
For example , SAIZERIA is Itarian , OHSHO is Chinese , GYU - KAKU is Korean .
In the program , each county 's native person tried to eat each restourant 's food .
It 's very funny project .
It 's a very funny project .
Anyway , I have a cold and little pain in my throat . . . whhh . . .
* * Today 's picture * *
Last Sunday , I bought a coffee maker YODOBASHI camera in Akiba .
Last Sunday , I bought a coffee maker at YODOBASHI camera in Akiba .
It 's easy to make a coffee .
Someday I want make a cappuccino like the picture .

Hi everybody !
I 'm from Vietnam I want to learn Korean and English with you guys !
I 'm from Vietnam and I want to learn Korean and English with you guys !
I 'm interested in Women , kkk .
Please add me !
Feeling blue
Yesterday , I worked a night shift .
I ate pod noodle and some bread for lunch , some snacks for dinner .
Before going to work , I had a drinking party .
Of course , I was n't allowed to drink .
Not to eat good food made me feel bad while I was working .
Not eating good food made me feel bad while I was working .
I really realized that proper meal was important for my health .
I really realized that a proper meal was important for my health .
From now on , I 'll never do that again !
Somehow , I felt bad and tired today .
That 's why I just stayed home .
I watched Harry Potter and the half blood prince .
I watched Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince . [ titles are capitalized ]
It was interesting for me .
I 'm looking forward to watching the new volumes .

Disappoint !
Disappointed !
I come this site everyday , to find who have entried my site and sent me message .
I come to this site everyday to find if anyone has looked at my journal and sent me messages .
But just several people came and said nothing .
I 'm disappointed .
Maybe the reason is I do n't write my diary everyday .
Yes , I admit I 'm lazy .
I said to myself if you do n't write nobody will come your Home to help you correct your mistakes .
I said to myself if you do n't write nobody will come your page to help you correct your mistakes .
The most important matter is nobody correct your dairy means you ca n't make new friends .
That 's why you get no messages .
Friends , nomatter what ccountries you come from and what languages you want to learn , I think we can make friends , not only for the reason `` learn language `` .
Friends , no matter what countries you come from and what languages you want to learn , I think we can become friends , not only for the reason of `` learning languages `` .
I hope next time I come I will get some messages from you .
Hope you all have nice day .

I have some questions again
1 Hospital doctors do n't go out very often as their work takes up all their time .
What does `` go out `` here mean ?
It means literally `` go out of the hospital `` ?
Does it mean literally `` go out of the hospital `` ?
or it means `` go out with thier boyfriends or girlfriends `` ?
Or does it mean `` go out with their boyfriends or girlfriends `` ?
2 Let me relieve you of your baggage .
Does this English sound natural ?
3 Old words often take on new meanings because of inventions and technology .
What does this mean ?
4 She tried to lay aside a little money each month for her sons .
Does this English sound natural ?
5 The game could not begin because one of the star players failed to show up .
The game could not begin because one of the star players did n't show up .
These two sentences mean exactly the same thing ?
Do these two sentences mean exactly the same thing ? [ Yes . ]

The famaous rapper that known by Japanese people .
The Rapper Well - known By The Japanese
The famous rapper known by the Japanese .
Maybe it is only young people know about Eminem .
Maybe it is only the young people know about Eminem .
Maybe only young people know about Eminem .
Maybe only the young people know about Eminem .
Maybe the other airtist are n't known by Japanese people .
The other artists are probably not known by Japanese people .
Maybe the Japanese people likes rap or R & B who would know the other rapper .
Maybe the Japanese people like rap or R & B would know the other rappers .
Maybe Japanese people that like rap or R & B would know other rappers .
Why is Eminem known by the Japanes people is he was acting the movies , 8mile .
Why Eminem is known by the Japanes people is because he was acting the movie , 8 miles .
The reason Eminem is known by Japanese people , is because he was an actor in the movie , 8 Mile .
From then I like him .
From then I have liked him .
From then on , I 've liked him .
Before he was acting the movie I was like his songs .
Before he acted in the movie I liked his songs .
Even before he started acting I had already liked his songs .
Before he acted in the movie , I was listening to his music .
He had sold fun rap music those day .
He had sold fun rap music in those days .
He had sold very good rap music .
He sold good rap music in those days .
There was such a rap music but there was n't being such a Eminim .
There was a lot of rap music but there was n't one such as Eminem .
There are many rap music artists , but there is only one Eminem .
There are many rap artists , but there is only one Eminem .

I won the funnest prize when I was a high school student . . . but . . .
Since I started working at the University , I remember often my high school days .
Since I started working at the University , I often remember my high school days .
I had some good friends and laughed a lot everyday .
I had some good friends and we laughed a lot everyday .
We talked about someone we were interested in , teachers , baseball games , music , motor cycle , part - time job and our dreams . . !
We talked about people we were interested in , teachers , baseball games , music , motorcycles , our part - time jobs and our dreams . . !
We talked about someone we were interested in , teachers , baseball games , music , motorcycles , part - time jobs and our dreams . . !
That was a pretty good days for us .
Those were pretty good days for us .
Those were pretty good days for us .
But we might have studied more . .
But we probably should have studied more . .
But maybe we should have studied more . .
When we graduate from the high school , my friends gave me a great prize .
When we graduated from ( our ) high school , my friends gave me a great prize .
When we graduated from the high school , my friends gave me a great prize .
That was `` the funnest prize in a class `` !
That was `` the funniest of the class `` prize !
That was the title of `` the funniest in the class `` !
That was `` the funnest prize in a class `` ! [ See way above ]
I was glad to get such a great prize .
But my friend got the prettiest girl prize , another friend got the smartest prize . . . .
But my friend got the prettiest girl prize , another friend got the smartest prize . . . .
it 's Okay .
it 's okay .
anyway , I was the top in a class . . . !
Anyway , I was of the top students in my class . . . !
Actually , still I like making people laugh .
Actually , I still like making people laugh .
Actually , I still like making people laugh .
One of my friends is a physician , one lives in France , one is a stay - at - home mother right now .
One of my friends is a physician , one lives in France , and another is a stay - at - home mother right now .
We have n't meet each other for a long time , so sometimes I 'd like to meet them .
We have n't seen each other for a long time , so I 'd like to meet them someday .
We have n't met each other for a long time , so I 'd like to meet them again sometime .

today I have only russian and latin languages at the university .
Today I have only Russian and Latin languages at the university .
It was so boring . . .
tomorrow we 'll have a test on our English lesson .
Tomorrow we 'll have a test in our English lesson .
also we need to make a project about famous people or famous lawyers of our city .
Also , we need to make a project about famous people or the famous lawyers of our city .
I ca n't even know what to write !
I do n't even know what to write !
Also we should learn by heart about 200 new words in English .
Also we have to about 200 new English words by heart .
and moreover our library does n't want to give us our books .
Moreover , our library does n't want to give us our books .
It 's unbelievable .
Today was so cold and windy .
Bur I hope it will get warmer .
But I hope it will get warmer .

What 's your favorite singer ?
Please tell me !
Do you like music ?
Do you have any favorite singers ?
I love `` Mr .
Children `` and `` the pillows `` so much !
They 're Japanese rock bands .
I like rock music but I sometimes listen jazz , electronic and pop ( ? ) music .
I like rock music but I sometimes listen to jazz , electronic and pop ( ? ) music .
I want to listen English songs for practice of English .
I want to listen to English songs to practice my English .
Could you recommend any singers or bands ?
I 'll try it !

Merry Christmas ! !
It 's Christmas here in Russia . . . but people do n't celebrate it , they only say to everybody `` Merry Christmas ! `` . . .
Now all students in Russia have exams now .
Now all students in Russia ( or are having ) exams .
It 's hard time . . .
It 's a hard time . . .
Now I write a course about fashion of 70 's .
Now I write ( or am writing ) a course about fashion of the 70 's .
I like 70 's hippie , punk , disco , studio 54 .
I like 70 's hippie ( fashions ) , punk & disco ( music ) , and the studio 54 ( nightclub ) .
I saw a film `` studio 54 `` , it was a crazy club .
I saw the film `` studio 54 `` , it was a crazy club .
There is a club `` studio 74 `` in the city where I live , but it is n't like in New York haha
There is a club called `` studio 74 `` in the city where I live , but it is n't like the one in New York haha
I 'm afraid of New York !
I like Moscow and Paris very much but NY is bigger and crazier .
I do n't know what to write , I think my letter becomes boring
I do n't know what to write , I think my letter ( or is becoming ) boring
Waiting for answers !

Communication
Well , Today I wanna talk about communication .
It 's a very fundamental matter for learners .
As I wrote in last journal , I was kind of depressed and wondered what a real conversation is like .
It 's been a big problem to me for a long time .
It 's been a big problem for me for a long time .
today when I was studying English , I realized that I was n't eligible to become a teacher because I did n't know of good conversations .
Today when I was studying English , I realized that I was n't eligible to become a teacher because I am not good at conversation .
I think I 'm not qualified to become a teacher unless I enjoy conversations .
I think I 'm not qualified to become a teacher unless I enjoy conversation .
One of the reasons is that teaching is communication .
If you do n't have communication skill , you should n't teach .
If you do n't have communication skill , you should n't be teaching .
Likewise , if you ca n't enjoy conversation , you should n't become a teacher .
It 's my opinion , though .
But as least I want to enjoy communication with students when I teach them .
As I realized above conclusion this afternoon , I went to a church where I hung out a lot .
As I came to the above conclusion this afternoon , I went to a church where I hang out a lot .
There I decided to talk what I have in mind more positively .
There I decided to talk about what I have in mind more positively .
As a result , I was able to enjoy the conversation , which was a great advance .
today I learned a lot from it .
Next time , I 'm going to talk to a person who has been attractive for me . .
Next time , I 'm going to talk to a person who I am attracted to .
Anyway , I learned that talking to people more positively is fun .
I 'm gon na try !

Introdeuce myself
Introduce myself
Introduce myself
Hello ! !
My name is cocoa .
I graduated from a college , and started to work for a company from this spring .
I recently graduated from college and I started to work for a company this spring .
I graduated from college , and started to work for a company from this spring .
I dream to study abroad but I have just only poor poor English skill ! !
I dream of studying abroad but I have poor English skills !
Please help me and make friends with me ! !
My major was law , especially contract law .
Now , I study economics more than it sinse my job is deeply related with economics .
But now , I study economics more , since my job is deeply related with economics .
I want to say hello to everyone ! !

My favorit football team
My favorite football team
I had written some writing on my blog 9 days in a row .
I had done some writing on my blog for 9 days in a row .
but I could n't write yesterday .
It 's a shame .
I start making a new record from today on ! !
I 'll start making a new record from today onward ! !
I 'll tell you about my favorite football team called Jef United Ichihara - Chiba .
That is Japanese professional football team .
They are a Japanese professional football team .
I 'm avid fan of them .
I 'm an avid fan of them .
Yesterday they had a game , and they won ! !
That makes me delighted truly .
That makes me delighted , truly .
In fact , Jef is not strong team , and they are in second division of Japanese football league .
In fact , Jef is not a strong team , they are in second division of Japanese football league .
In fact , Jef is not a strong team , and they are in the second division of the Japanese football league .
Originally , They were first division .
Originally , They were in the first division .
but two years ago , unfortunately they fell into
second division .
I was really depressed then .
But I did n't desert them . because I love them . to support them is my hobby .
Last year , they could n't be promoted to first division .
Last year , they were n't promoted to first division .
This year , the league is just started .
This year , the league has just started .
I wish they were promoted this year .
but I 'll support them forever whether they are first or second division .
This Sunday , they have a match again .
Actually the match wo n't be aired by any TV program .
Actually the match wo n't be aired on TV .
so All I can do is to check the progress on internet .
so All I can do is to check the progress on the internet .
It 's a shame .
I 'll check and support them for sure .

I Have Been Sleepy
Today , I was sleepy in all classes .
Today , I was sleepy in all my classes .
I was excited so much yesterday , so It must have made me tired .
I was really excited yesterday , it must have made me tired .
I 'm taking the TOEIC test the day after tomorrow .
I had better go to bed right now .
If I 'm still tired , I ca n't do my best .
Being good condition is very important when we take a test definitely .
Being in good condition is very important when taking a test .
That 's all for today .
Have a nice day ! !

2010 . 06 . 13 Sunday
Countrys that I want to visit are Thailand , U .
The countries that I want to visit are Thailand , U .
A , Philippine , U .
K , Brazil , Australia , etc .
That is too much but , I 'd like to visit that countrys T .
That is too many countries but , I 'd like to visit those countriesT .
I want to experience culture or festival of other countrys ( Halloween , Samba , Opera , etc . . . )
I want to experience the culture or festivals of other countries ( Halloween , Samba , Opera , etc . . . )
But , There are Korean festival that I not experience .
But , There are Korean festival that I have n't experienced .
Therefore , I want to experience our cultures before .
Therefore , I want to experience Korea 's culture first .
I 'd like to experience Mud Festival that one of our festivals .
I 'd like to experience the Mud Festival .
Mud Festival is playing festival , applying all body to mud .
The Mud Festival is fun festival , where you apply mud all over your body
I 'm dying to go that .
I 'm dying to go there .

Today , I write my diary in my free time .
Today , I 'm writing in my diary in my free time .
I am seeing english movie .
I am watching an English movie .
I want to get used to native speak .
I want to get used to native speakers .
I am facked with a many difficult problem .
I am facked ( ? ? ? ) with a many difficult problems .
But it is fun !
I carry on study and lifestyle .
I 'll carry on studying and with my lifestyle .

What do you know about Siberia ?
I know that many people think that in Siberia there is winter all year round .
I know that many people think that in Siberia it is winter all year round .
But Siberia is very very big .
But Siberia is very , very big .
On the most area summer is every year .
In most areas , summer occurs every year .
And in the summer there 's no snow .
Once I heard that in Siberia bears walk on towns ' streets .
I once heard that in Siberia , bears walk on the towns ' streets .
And in the New Year people catch all bears in their town , harness them and ride on sledges all night .
And on New Years people catch all the bears in their town , harness them and ride on sledges all night .
There are bears ofcourse .
There are bears of course .
They live in deep forests , not in cities .
They live deep in the forests and not in the cities .
I live in Siberia all my life and meet bears only in the zoo .
I have lived in Siberia all my life and I have met bears only in the zoo .

23rd Oct 2009
Today , the morning is cool , and the afternoon is warm .
Today , the morning was cool and the afternoon was warm .
For this reason , we have to be careful of catching a cold .
For this reason , we have to be careful not to catch a cold .
Today , because there were not lots of people , I spent my spare time .
I had some free time today since there were not many other people around .
I have studied in English like dictation , as well as reading .
I have studied dictation as well as reading in English .
What is more , next week I wll go to a language school to improve my speech .
Next week I will go to a language school to improve my speaking abilities .
I will do my best .

TV digitalization
When I was watching a TV , a certain CM showed on TV .
This CM was for the digitalization of TV .
This commercial was about the digitalization of TV .
It has broadcasted for a long time since the digitalization was decided by the government .
Many people exchanged their TV for the new one which adapts to the digitalization .
This CM said that just two months leave till the starting of the digitalization .
This commercial said that just two months are left until the start of the digitalization .
I felt it 's just around the corner .
I feel that it 's just around the corner .
Time passes quickly .
Anyway , how about your country ?
Anyway , _ how about your country ?
the TV digitalization is common ?
Is TV digitalization common ?

Englsih speakers use high frequency .
English speakers use high frequency .
When English speakers speak English , they are using very high tones compared to Japanese people .
When English speakers speak English , they use very high tones compared to Japanese people .
Sometimes I am watching and listening English artists ' movie on You Tube , but even male artists ' tones are very high .
Sometimes I am watching and listening to English artists ' music videos on You Tube , but even male artists ' tones are very high .
Especially some female English speakers are speaking English with very high tones .
Some female English speakers especially are speaking English with very high tones .
It looks like very pretty for Japanese men .
It sounds very pretty to Japanese men .
It sounds very pretty to Japanese men .
As if their voices are Japanese voice actors who are acting child .
It 's as if their voices are Japanese voice actors who are acting like a child .
I like Linking Park .
I like Linkin Park .
His voice is also very high .
By the way , why did they use animation on their video ?
Are they Japanese American or something ?

I want to speak English fluently as my mother tongue . . .
I want to speak English as fluently as my mother tongue . . .
I want to speak English as fluently as my mother tongue . . .
I ` m Japanese medical student . 20 years old .
I ` m a 20 year old Japanese medical student
I ` m a Japanese medical student , ( and ) 20 years old .
I ` m a 20 year old Japanese medical student , and
My hobby is Japanese martial arts .
my hobby is Japanese martial arts .
I want to learn English because we live in an age of internationalization .
So , I want to have a skype friends whose mother tongue is English and to make many overseas friends .
So I want to have a skype friends whose mother tongue is English , and to make many friends who are overseas .
So , I want to have skype friends whose mother tongue is English and to make many friends from overseas .
So , I want to have some skype friends whose mother tongue is English and to make many friends from overseas .
Without constraint , please speak to me .
Please do n't hesitate to speak to me .
In the future , I have to speak English fluently for my occupation .
In the future , I will have to speak English fluently for my occupation .

SSAT Examination
I 'm going to take examination ( calld SSAT ) tomorrow
have no much time .
I do n't have much time
I know that it 's time to study hard .
I know that it 's time to study hard .
but I am already sick and tired of learning by rote .
so I 'm wrote some memo about myself . . . .
I 'm hoping time go faster than now .
I hope time will go faster than now

Go Swimming !
I went swimming at 16 . 00 .
I could swim 500 metre .
I could swim 500 metres .
I was a fish when I was swim ! !
I was like a fish when I swam ! !
Swimming is fun !
I 'm tired and hungry ! ! !

Boring Day . . .
I have a may - weekend now & I try to rise my english level .
I have a long May weekend and I am trying to raise my English level .
I watched the BBS one ( of course in english ) & listen more Podcasts .
I watched a BBS show ( of course in english ) and I listened to more Podcasts .
I search for the best method of learning still .
I still search for the best method of learning .
In future I wo n't get out from my country . . .
In the future I wo n't be able to get out of my country . . .
I live in Poland .
My friend borrow me very interesting english book .
My friend let me borrow a very interesting English book .
It is about U .
It is about the U .
S legal system .
; ) I think that I have serch a friend to conversation on skype or to wrighting letters , anybody willing ? ( 9 .
; ) I think that I have to search for a friend to converse with on skype or to help me with writing letters . Is anyone willing ? ( 9 .
krolik @ gmail . com )

This week
In this week , I lived a full life .
Three days ago , I and my university friends ate kimuchipan in my university friends .
Three days ago , my university friends and I ate kimuchipan .
We put a various kind of food .
We put in various kinds of food .
For example , Chinese cabbages , hackberrys , tofus , Japanese nikudangos , gyouzas and so on .
For example , Chinese cabbages , hackberrys , tofu , Japanese nikudangos , gyouzas and so on .
It was very delicious !
We put cheese on .
We put cheese on top .
It was delicions more .
It was more delicious .
Finally , we cooked rice porridge containing kimushi , eggs and cheede .
I have ever eaten it .
I had never eaten it .
This was very very good !
It was very very good !
Yesterday , I went to Kyoto with my friend .
Kyoto is Japanese traditional city .
Kyoto is a traditional Japanese city .
In Japan , it is autum .
In Japan , it is autumn .
So leaves turned red .
So the leaves have turned red .
Kyoto is famous for beautiful colored leaves .
I went to `` arashiyama `` and `` kiyomizudera `` .
We walked as looking at colored leaves .
We walked while looking at the colored leaves .
It was interesting to me .
I could n't see kiyomizudera at night because of not having time .
I could n't see kiyomizudera at night because we did n't have time .
At 6 : 30 , `` kiyomizudera `` is illuminated .
If you have a chance to go to Kyouto , I recommend to go to `` kiyomizudera `` .
If you have a chance to go to Kyouto , I recommend you go to `` kiyomizudera `` .
I was happy to have live a full life in this week .
I was happy to have lived a full life in this week .

with friends
Yesterday , I were playing with my friends .
Yesterday , I was playing with my friends .
I met my friends and chatted with them for the first time in a long time .
We were going for lunch at the Hansdeli .
While eating dessert , we ponder what we should do afterwards .
While eating dessert , we pondered what we should do afterwards .
We ate , and then we saw a movie .
film title is ' robinhood ' .
The film 's title is ' Robin Hood ' .
The movie is very exciting and good .
The movie was very exciting and good .
The actors were great .
And the scenes were beautiful .
Among all the actors , our hero was the best looking .
I was very happy to get together with friends after such a long while .
We promised to meet after final exam .
We promised to meet after final exams .

What a interesting book ! !
What an interesting book ! !
Thease days I am reading the novel `` Master of the game `` written by Sidney Sheldon .
These days I am reading the novel `` Master of the game `` written by Sidney Sheldon .
My friend recomended me that it 's so interesting that I ca n't stop reading .
My friend recommended me that book and it 's so interesting that I ca n't stop reading it .
Actually , once I started to read , I could n't stop even if the evening went on !
Actually , once I started to read , I could n't stop even if it was late in the evening !
so , I never start to reading from night .
So , I never start reading this book at night .
I am reading it in Japanese now , but after finish reading , I would like to try
I am reading it in Japanese now , but after I finish reading , I would like to try
to read in English .
to read it in English .
In the novel , `` The son of Kate ( who was one of the reading role ) , Tonny `` was
In the novel , `` The son of Kate ( who is one of the main characters of the book ) , Tonny `` was
hospitalized for psychiatric reasons .
hospitalized for psychiatric reasons after his wife 's death .
Becouse his wife Marianne was dead .
Because his wife Marianne was dead .
I thought he was so poor .
His mother Kate 's exces love made him breakdown .
It 's tragedy .
It 's a tragedy .
I 'm wondering how the end , and looking forward to read .
I 'm wondering what will be in the end , and I 'm looking forward to knowing it .

Please tell me about GTN , a Japanese company if you have heard of the name .
I have called to a company , GTN today for some reason .
I have been called to a company , GTN today for some reason .
URL : URL
GTN seems to help foreign people who would want to move to Japan to find a apartment .
GTN seems to help foreign people who would want to move to Japan to find an apartment .
If you have heard of or used the service please tell me ^ ^ .

how should I improve my speaking of English ?
Two months have just gone and I have not made any improvement of my oral english . . .
Two months have passed and I still have not made any improvement on my oral english . . .
watching days and days passed , I feel like a giant monster is getting closer to me , because Im gon na have an interview of visa for further graduate study in USA .
Up to now , I still have n't got any successful experience of talking to a foreigner , really shame on myself . . .
Up to now , I still have n't had any successful experiences with talking to a foreigner . It 's really a shame on myself . . .
A Lazy Girl
HI ~ long time no see everybody .
How are you guys ?
My school has been started on this Monday , so I had a little bit busy days in this week .
My school started on Monday , so I have been a little bit busy in the week .
I really feel I already need more break , I know the winter break have just finished though ~ haha .
I really feel I already need a break , I know the winter break has just finished though ~ haha .
My break was very good .
I stayed at NYC for two weeks , so I could cerebrate New Year at Times Square .
I saw some famous people such as Mr , Bill Clinton ( I do n't know whether this is a correct spelling or not X ( ) I guess many people already know there is a big crazy party there on New Year 's eve because you can see this event on TV and so many people visit there from all over the world .
Anyway , I really enjoyed the event .
I also visited Pennsylvania ( is this a correct spelling ? ) on Christmas .
It was a very nice place but you know it was Christmas day , so almost all stores were closed .
My friend and me had nothing to do because we were crazy about shopping .
My friend and I had nothing to do because we were crazy about shopping .
But we went to Penn state university which was a very huge university .
But we went to Penn state university which is a very huge university .
I met some school security guys and they asked us , `` Are you guys coming here to apply the college ? `` , but we were just tourists so we said that we did n't have nothing to do , so we came here ~ haha . ``
I met some school security guys and they asked us , `` Are you guys coming here to apply for college - entry exams ? `` , but we were just tourists so we said that we did n't have anything to do , so we came here ~ haha . ``
I personally think nobody wants to visit or apply the college on Christmas day ~ Christmas is a special holiday for many people , right ?
I personally think nobody wants to visit or apply for college - entry exams on Christmas day ~ Christmas is a special holiday for many people , right ?
I want to go to penn sate again because we visited some historical museum but they were closed so We just took some pictures in front of them .
I want to go to Penn state again because we visited some historical museum but they were closed so we just took some pictures of them .
I want to get inside of the museum ~ haha .
Anyway , I hope you also had a good break .
I am going to take 1 physical education class , Aerobics and four psychology classes .
It is going to be a very busy semester but I do n't have a class on Friday so I am very happy about that .
Today , my roommate awaken me up early in the mornig though because she thought I was oversleep .
Today , my roommate woke me up early in the morning because she thought I was oversleeping .
Have a good weekend everybody ; )
thank you for giving me many corrections for my diary .
You guys help me a lot ! !

Already , I have been living in Hanoi for 5 month .
I have been living in Hanoi for 5 months .
When I arrived at Vietnam 5 month ago , it was summer .
When I arrived in Vietnam 5 months ago , it was summer .
But now , It has already became winter in Vietnam .
But now , it is winter in Vietnam .
when I was in summer .
there were many things in here .
Many things happen here .
Blackout , Flood , a Strong sunshine and a veryvery hot day .
Blackouts , floods , strong sunshine and very very hot days .
But they became the past time .
The time is getting faster .
The time is passing by quickly .
Vietnam has also winter .
Vietnam also has winter .
Sometimes I was drawing about my dream 's beautiful life on the white snow while I was looking at snow .
Sometimes I draw about my dream 's beautiful life on the white snow while looking at the snow .
but I never see snow any where in Vietnam .
but I have not seen snow any where in Vietnam .
Snow is never falling down .
Snow never falls in Vietnam .
I miss snow .

My first diary
I 'm just writing this now .
I 'm 21 years old .
I 've not studied English recently .
I study English by lang - 8 from now on !
I 'll study English by lang - 8 from now on !
See you .

I 'm HeartMinerva from Tokyo , Japan .
Nice to meet you !
I 'm HeartMinerva < Nickname : ) > from Tokyo , Japan .
I started Lang - 8 , Today .
Because I want to learn that writing and speaking skill in English .
Because I want to learn writing and speaking in English .
Please to familiar to me : )

Crazy Weather
April is coming soon and Spring is coming soon .
However I have snow in my university town today .
However I have snow at my university town today .
It is strange .
I can play ski in my university town yet .
Recently , we have strange weathers more and more .
Recently , we had strange weather more and more .
From now on , we will have strange weathers more and more ! !
Please be careful not to catch a cold . ( The earth might catch a cold . . . . . )

January is almost over !
Thirty days have already passed since the new year started .
Time goes by as if it is getting faster and faster .
Today is already the end of January so I think It is a good time to review if I could start the good yearor not .
Our business was alright ; not bad , not very good under the worst conditions .
Our company is still doing well financially .
Of course I do n't expect that we will make big profit in the next couple of years but we will be OK .
We have been well prepared .
It seems the world economy is getting worse and worse .
This situation of the world economy is perfectly described as the domino effect .
It seems no one can stop the rapid downturn .
I think the first priority for people is to help each other and rescue the people victimized by this economic crisis .
Many people are losing their jobs as well as a place to live although they are healthy and are willing to work .
Talking about my English , I think I could make a good start !
I have finished reading six books .
I still do n't feel my reading got better dramatically , but I surely believe that if I continue to read , it will make a big difference in the near future .
I took the conversation class almost every day .
I read articles a lot and spoke a lot with Philliphina tutors in English .
I feel my speaking has been getting faster and more accurate little by little .
I am happy about it .
I think the slowest improvement is still listening .
I have watched and listened to CBS news and one of the American talk radio stations everyday .
But I still hardly understand what they are saying ; especially the radio .
In some particular areas in the topics , my listenning ability drops a lot .
What disapointed me the most was how well I did listening to Obama 's inauguration speech .
I could only understand about 20 to 30 percent of his historical speech .
Anyway , our business was OK and I was able to enjoy learning English a lot during January .
I am pretty satisfied with the result .
I hope the rest of the year will remain the same . ^ ^

When people are going to celebrate a special event such as graduation or a special party , some of them prefer a large party , while some of them prefer a small party a few close friends and family members . Which do you prefer ?
When people are going to celebrate a special event such as graduation or a special party , some of them prefer a large party , while some of them prefer a small party with a few close friends and family members . Which do you prefer ?
When people are going to celebrate a special event such as graduation or a special party , some of them prefer a large party , while others might prefer a small party a few close friends and family members . Which do you prefer ?
When it comes to whether we should ask people as more as possible to attend our celebrations with central importance , this issue is always very thought - provoking and worthy of serious deliberations .
When it comes to whether we should ask as many people as possible to attend our grand celebrations , this issue is always very thought - provoking and worthy of serious deliberations .
Some people love to invite many friends and relatives to share their happiness , but others hold a worlds - apart opinion , believing that the best memory should only be shared with their close friends and family members .
Some people love to invite many friends and relatives to share their happiness , but others hold a worlds - apart opinion , believing that the best memories should only be shared with their close friends and family members .
Some people love to invite many friends and relatives to share their happiness , but others hold a worlds - apart opinion , believing that the best memories should only be shared with close friends and family members .
Personally speaking , I prefer to celebrate my important date with a lot of people .
Personally speaking , I prefer to celebrate my important dates with a lot of people .
First of all , I can make friends with the people who will probably help me in the future .
First of all , I can make friends with people who will probably help me in the future .
As a proverb goes , the more social connections you have , the more likely you could have a smooth life .
As a proverb goes , the more social connections you have , the more likely you are to have a smooth life .
As a proverb goes , the more social connections you have , the more likely you are to have a smooth life .
Take my own experience for an example .
I met my Japanese teacher , Richard , on my graduation party .
I met my Japanese teacher , Richard , at my graduation party .
I met my Japanese teacher , Richard , during my graduation party .
Supposing my best friend , Jack , had not invited him to our party , I could not have the chance to learn Japanese from Richard .
Supposing my best friend , Jack , had not invited him to our party , I could not have had the chance to learn Japanese from Richard .
Supposing my best friend , Jack , had not invited him to our party , I could not have had the chance to learn Japanese from Richard .
With the help of Richard , I work for a great renowned Japanese company , MoToSiBa , and get a decent salary .
With the help of Richard , I now work for a greatly renowned Japanese company , MoToSiBa , and get a decent salary .
With the help of Richard , I now work for a great renowned Japanese company , MoToSiBa , and get a decent salary .
Therefore , it is Richard that opens this window for me .
Therefore , it was Richard that opened this window for me .
Therefore , it is Richard who opened this window for me .
Second , a party is more than just food and wine since it is a good place to practice social skills .
Second , a party is more than just great food and wine since it is a good place to practice social skills .
Some people may cry out that they do not feel totally relax if they stay in a situation with few acquaintances .
Some people may cry out that they do not feel totally relaxed if they stay in a situation with few acquaintances .
Some people may cry out that they do not feel totally relaxed if they stay in a situation with very few acquaintances .
However , social skills are really essential when they enter into a company .
However , social skills are really essential when you enter into a company .
However , social skills are essential when someone decides to work for a company .
For instance , I lost plenty of chances to sign contracts with critical customers because I was too shy to present out products well .
If I had one more chance to practice my social skills , I would do my utmost to talk to the people who I did not familiar with in any circumstances .
If I had one more chance to practice my social skills , I would do my utmost to talk to the people who I did not familiarize with under any circumstances .
Finally , the more , the merrier .
This point is quite obvious to be understood when you compared the New Year 's Eve and your pet 's birthday .
This point is quite obvious to be understood when you compare New Year 's Eve and your pet 's birthday .
This point is quite obvious to be understood when you compare New Year 's Eve and your pet 's birthday .
Everybody will agree that thousands of people crowd on the street at that time to celebrate this wonderful event is far happier than celebrating their pet 's birthday at home .
Everybody will agree that thousands of people crowding on the street during New Year 's Eve to celebrate this wonderful event is far happier than celebrating their pet 's birthday at home .
The reason is - - It is the number matters .
The reason is , it is the number that matters .
The reason is - - It is the number that matters .
On the one hand , numbers create a good atmosphere , and on the other hand , no sooner scream the first person than everyone in the same place get excited .
On the one hand , numbers create a good atmosphere , and on the other hand , no sooner scream the first person than everyone in the same place gets excited .
Thus , the sheer number of people create joyful atmosphere .
Thus , the sheer number of people creates a joyful atmosphere .
To conclude , I love to ask people come to my party as more as possible .
To conclude , I love to ask as many people as possible to come to my parties .
To conclude , I love to ask as many people as possible come to my party .
Not only can I meet the people who might help me in the future , but also , I am able to improve my social skills through this party .
Not only can I meet ( the ) people who might help me in the future , but also , I am able to improve my social skills through these parties .
Not only can I meet the people who might help me in the future , but also , I am able to improve my social skills through a party .
Besides , the more people in my party , the better atmosphere it will be .
Besides , the more people at my parties , the better the atmosphere will be .

langage barrier
when I go to the foreign countries that I am scare two things , such as
When I go to foreign countries I am scared of two things :
langage barrier and cultural barrier .
I went to japan for stady , but I never stady Japanese before .
I went to Japan to study , but I had never studied Japanese before .
it is difficult to live there at the moment .
It is difficult to live there at the moment .
be cause I ca n't speak Japneses and hard to make friends in Japan that let me feel so lonely , and want to give up stady in Japan .
Because I ca n't speak Japanese , it 's hard to make friends in Japan which makes me feel so lonely , and want to give up studying in Japan .
but I struggle and more challenge the langage and cutural barrier . so now the Japanese langage help me so much in business .

We Cheered For Our Team !
Although you 've already known about it , I belong to the volleyball club at my university .
Even though you might thought that we do n't practice earnestly , in fact , we do .
Even though you might have thought that we do n't practice earnestly , in fact , we do .
We have two competitions in spring and in autumn , and the competition held in autumn is being taken place here and there .
the team I belonged to was already beaten , but one of our teams made it through .
The team already won through to the semifinal before yesterday .
Today , the fight that whether or not the team could make it through to the final depends on .
Although the games were so exciting and we were made it lively for , our team finally could got through to the final ! : ) You may not understand the achievement , this one is quite excellent .
It has been 7 years since our club turned out the team which won through to the final last .
So , we were excited a lot .
The only sad fact is that like any cheering parties , the more our team win games , the much it costs money to get to the stadium ( the more games our team win , the much money we have to pay ( ? ) I do n't know , please tell me the way to express what I want to tell ! ) .
Anyway , it is good to have won the game .
Thanks for reading !
If you have time , please correct my poor sentences !

Result of today ` s work
Result of Today ` s Work
After long time , I did carpentar work today .
After a long time , I did carpentry work today .
My physical was declining . . .
My physical body was declining . . .
It ` s so frastrating , but It ` s reality .
It ` s so frustrating , but it ` s reality .
In the future , as far as possible , I continued to do carpentry !
In the future , as long as possible , I will continue to do carpentry !

About bus
When I went to seattle , I used bus a few times .
When I was in Seattle , I rode the bus a few times .
And I realized there was no announce or indication that shows the next bus stop 's name .
I realised there was n't an announcement or indication that shows the next bus stop 's name .
In Japan , there always be digital screen and announce , which makes me relax till the destination even if it is the first time using that bus .
In Japan , there is a digital screen and announcement , which helps me relax till my destination even if it is the first time using that bus .
How do you think about it ?
What do you think about it ?
Please tell me .
Please tell me what you think .

Jack came to Japan . ( American drama 24 - twenty four )
I watched interesting news program in this morning .
I watched an interesting news program this morning .
Jack ( Kiefer Sutherland ) came to Japan .
Jack ( Kiefer Sutherland ) came to Japan !
He tried shopping by himself at Roppongi Tokyo . ( a shave and a shave cream )
But he could n't buy them because he could n't read Japanese .
At that time , a Japanese helped him .
At that time , a Japanese person helped him .
The man did n't know him who is a actor .
The man did n't know he is an actor .
I think the man can speak English .
I think the Japanese man could speak English .
I hope that I can speak English , too .
I hope that I will one day speak English like him , too .
I have never spoken English .
I have never spoken English in public .
only a mail and a chat site .
Only in mail and on chat sites .

Kitty - chan And My New Friend
Do you know the kitty - chan ?
Do you know kitty - chan ?
I bet most of you know the character .
I often hear famous people like Lady Gaga love it .
I often hear that famous people like Lady Gaga love it .
As for me , I did n't hate it , but I did n't especially like it .
As for me , I did n't hate it . But I did n't especially like it .
However , I 'm beginning to feel that it 's cute lately .
I often hang out with one of my co - workers , K .
I often hang out with one of my co - workers , whom I will call `` K `` in this entry .
That 's because I get along with her .
One day , she said , `` I 'll introduce my friend to you because you look like you 'll get along with my friend . ``
One day , she said , `` I 'll introduce my friend to you , because you look like you 'll get along with my friend . ``
In this way , I met the friend .
: Middle - aged guy whose hobby is to collect kitty - chan products .
He is a middle - aged guy whose hobby is to collect kitty - chan products .
I was surprised at first , but I gradually got used to him , and I like the way K can make friends with anybody .
I was surprised at first , but I gradually got used to him , and I like the way `` K `` can make friends with anybody .
The guy who loves kitty - chan looks really happy when he got his new collecting item .
The guy who loves kitty - chan looks really happy when he gets a new item for his collection .
In fact , his scary face totally changed when K gave an under - wear ( They are really close as friends . ) that kitty printed .
So , every time I see kitty - chan , I care about it like `` Does he have this item ? `` , and the more I look at it , the more I feel it 's cute .
So , every time I see kitty - chan , I think about it like `` Does he have this item ? `` , and the more I look at it , the more I feel it 's cute .

My goals in a long run
My goals in the long run
My goals in the long run
My goals in the long run
Today , I realized that my pronunciation is bad through a conversation with my friend Britany .
My some words did n't convey the meaning what I want to say .
Some of my words did n't convey the meaning of what I wanted to say .
Some of my words did n't convey what I wanted to say .
Some of my words did n't convey the meanings of what I wanted to say .
To tell the truth , I feel stressed about my poor pronunciation .
Language is a tool to communicate with people , so bad pronunciation means a bad communication .
Language is a tool to communicate with people , so bad pronunciation means bad communication .
Language is a tool to communicate with people , so bad pronunciation means bad communication .
Language is a tool to communicate with people , so bad pronunciation means bad communication .
I really hope to master English .
When I go back to Japan , I want to make my English better like native speakers .
When I go back to Japan , I want to make my English better , like native speakers .
When I go back to Japan , I want to make my English better , like native speakers .
There are so many words to pronounce for Japanese such as really , relatively , vocabulary and so on .
There are so many words that are hard to pronounce for Japanese such as really , relatively , vocabulary and so on .
As you know , Japanese does n't contain any R and L sounds .
There are some similar sound , but this sound is like between R and L .
There is a similar sound , but this sound is between R and L .
There is a similar sound , but this sound is kind of between R and L .
There are some similar sounds , but this sound is between R and L .
So Japanese people 's tongue do n't get used to pronounce them .
So Japanese people 's tongues do n't get used to pronouncing them .
So Japanese people 's tongues are n't used to pronouncing them .
So Japanese people 's tongues do n't get used to pronouncing them .
To achieve my goals , there seem like so many difficulties on the route .
It seems like there are so many difficulties on the route to achieve my goals .
To achieve my goals , it seems like I will have to overcome so many difficulties .
To achieve my goals , there seems to be so many difficulties on the route .
But even if most people say to me that it is impossible , I will never give up !
Whether it is impossible or not depends on me .
So I will practice pronunciation .
Thank you for reading !

We did it !
On the 15th of this month , I sang two songs on the stage of my company ' s year - end party with my colleagues .
On the 15th of this month , I sang two songs on the stage at my company ' s end of year party with my colleagues .
We played `` Last Christmas `` and `` Tonari no totoro ( bossa nova version ) `` .
Although there was a acoustic trouble in the first minute , the stage was successful largely .
Although there was some acoustic trouble in the first minute , the set was largely successful .
Everyone seemed to enjoy our stage and the CEO admired my singing : )
Everyone seemed to enjoy our set and the CEO admired my singing : )

First Thanksgiving in my life
The First Thanksgiving ever in my life
Today is the first thanksgiving day in my life .
Today is the first Thanksgiving day ever in my life .
I had known about this holiday when I was in Japan .
But , I was surprised that this holiday is so important for american .
But , I was surprised that this holiday is so important to Americans .
Almost all of the stores and public services stop and many people travel somewhere .
This is like Happy new year 's day in Japan .
This is like New Year 's Day in Japan .
Anyway , I will have a potluck in this evening , and will go D .
Anyway , I will have a potluck dinner this evening , and will go to D .
for sightseeing from tomorrow morning ! !
for sightseeing tomorrow morning ! !

a or the ? always annoying problem . . .
A or The ? Always an Annoying Problem . . .
1 I know a man who helps me .
2 I know the man who helps me .
Which is more natural ?
Or does it depend on the context ?

dreadfully spycy . . .
dreadfully spicy . . .
dreadfully spicy . . .
I ate curry .
The level of spicy degree was max .
The level of spiciness was the maximum .
The degree of spiciness was extreme .
Fist `` Hmm , Yeah , This is just right spicy degree ! ``
At first `` Hmm , Yeah , This is just right ! ``
At first , I thought , `` Hmm , yeah , this is n't too spicy ! ``
5 minutes later `` O . .
5 minutes later : `` O . .
My tongue becoming tingling sensation . ``
My tongue began to tingle . . ``
My tongue is tingling . ``
My tongue becoming tingling sensation , and face running with sweat .
I had this tingling sensation on my tongue and sweat was running down my face .
10 minutes later `` I ca n't understand why I have to do such a thing .
10 minutes later : `` I do n't know why I did this .
This is nightmare . . ``
This is a nightmare . . . . ``
My hands began to tremble .
15 minutes later `` How stupid I am !
15 minutes later : `` How stupid I am !
Please more water ! ``
Please bring me more water ! ``
After all , I ate all of curry , but I have stomachache now .
In the end , I ate all the curry , but I have a stomachache now .
In the end , I ate all of the curry , but now I have a stomach ache .

Diary in Eng .
Diary in English .
Try to write diary here in Eng .
I will try to write a diary here in English .
Though my mother languarge is Chinese ,
Although my mother language is Chinese ,
and I 'm not used to write / think in Eng .
I 'm not used to writing or thinking in English .
also have no idea what I can write .
Also , I have no idea what I can write .
However , I 'll try to keep doing this as I want to improve my English .
However , I 'll try to keep doing this because I want to improve my English .
And hope there 's always someone will correct my Eng .
And I hope there 's always someone who will correct my English
Today is middle day of a year
Today is a middle day of the year .
In Vietnam we call ' Tet Doan Ngo ' .
In Vietnam we call it ' Tet Doan Ngo ' .
Vietnamese :
English :
Japanese :
Mum is not a very gentle woman ~ ~
Normally mum is quite gentle to me ~ ~ But , she is not that gentle to my Dad .
They just had a quarrel while ago .
They just had a quarrel a while ago .
I felt very annoying .
I felt very annoyed .
Dad could n't find his towel so he used my mum 's .
That was the thing ! !
That was what started it ! !
I tried to stop her scolding on my dad .
I tried to stop her scolding my dad .
`` Why not take a new towel for yourself `` Something seems very easy to me but hard for my mum .
`` Why not take a new towel for yourself `` I asked , this seems very easy to me but it is hard for my mum .
I just can not understand that .
Why mum can not as gentle as me ? ~ ~ ~ haha
Why ca n't my mum be as gentle as me ? ~ ~ ~ haha

I send an email and received the reply .
I sent an email and received the reply .
I sent an email and received a reply .
I send the email to the Singapore Economic Development Board Tokyo Office .
I sent this email to the Singapore Economic Development Board 's Tokyo Office .
I sent an email to the Singapore Economic Development Board Tokyo Office .
And I received the reply for it yesterday .
I received the reply yesterday .
The reply was written in Japanese , by a Japanese officer .
It said we can visit the Tokyo Office and talk about the visit some institutes in Singapore .
It said that we could visit the Tokyo Office and talk about the visit in some institutes in Singapore .
It said that we can visit the Tokyo Office and talk about visiting some institutes in Singapore .
We will meet the Singapore secretary at the office .
I was glad to read it .
It is getting clear to visit Singapore .
It is getting easier ( ? ) to visit Singapore .
It is possible that we will get to visit Singapore .
I feel happy for it .
I feel happy about it .
I feel happy about it .
It is hard but interesting for me to work as a work group leader .

Relay race
We have a relay race in our factory cite after work tomorrow .
We have a relay race at our factory 's site after work tomorrow .
It is the 61th annual one .
It is the 61st annual race .
Four runners run at every team for about two to three kilometers respectively .
Over 100 teams will run tomorrow .
Many people seem to have been looking forward to the race as every year .
Many people seem to have been looking forward to the race as is the case every year .
Anyway , I think that I love running and others also do .
Anyway , I love running and I think that others also do .

Beginning of my new life .
Finally , I have arrived in Australia last Friday .
I finallyarrived in Australia last Friday .
Now I feel like more than 1 month has passed since I came here .
I feel like more than a month has passed since I 've been here .
That may be because my lifestyle has changed a lot so quickly I ca n't believe I was working at the bank until quite recently .
That may be because my lifestyle has changed a lot so quickly . I ca n't believe I was working at a bank until quite recently .
I do n't miss Japanese food yet since my host mum is a very good cook .
I do n't miss Japanese food yet since my host mom is a very good cook .
I may miss Summer in Japan .
I may miss summer in Japan .
It 's quite cold here , colder than I expected .
It 's quite cold here - colder than I expected .
Enjoy drinking in a Yukata with gorgeous fireworks for me , my friends .
I like to enjoy drinking in a yukata watching gorgeous fireworks withmy friends .
Yukata is a Japanese traditional summer cloth .
When I was in Japan , I had no difficulty asking things to people and I liked talking to people on a street but now , it can be difficult .
When I was in Japan , I had no difficulty asking peoplethings and I liked talking to people on the street , but now , it can be difficult .
Not to able to explain what I want to say annoys me at times but I will keep trying not to use Japanese , although there are many Japanese here and some of them are using Japanese almost all the time .
Not being able to explain what I want to say annoys me at times , but I will keep trying not to use Japanese , although there are many Japanese here and some of them are using Japanese almost all the time .
I hope I will be able to speak anything what I want to say in the near future .
I hope I will be able to say anything that I want to say in the near future .
Cheers .

Introduce oneself
My name is Masanobu .
I 'm from Japan .
I want to study English .
I love music .
I listen to Heavy Metal , Gothic Metal , Symphonic Metal , classical and Pops .
I have few friends around listening to the same music .
I have a few friends that listen to the same music ( or genre ) .
Heavy Metal , Gothic Metal and Symphonic Metal is not very famous in japan .
But recently , Liv Moon , Aldious the band is looking forward to .

I have three options .
I have three routes to go to my office .
One is the cheapest but the train often delays .
However the good thing is that I do not need to wait for the train .
The next train always comes in a few min .
The next train always comes in a few minutes .
It is a little pain to walk longer than the other routes to get the station .
The other two routes are usually operating on time .
But they does not serve many trains .
And they are very expensive .
In addition , they are very expensive .
Both trains are run by the same railway company .
Each train connects a different subway station .
Each train connects to a different subway station .
I sometimes choose these lines because I do not need to walk to get the station from my house .
I sometimes choose these lines because I do not need to walk far to get to the station from my house .
Yes , it is very easy to go to the office .
Yes , it is very easy to go to my office .
Well , when I take easy lines , I have to adjust my budget at lunch time . . . .
Well , when I take the easy lines , I have to adjust my budget at lunch time . . . .

Shall we go now ?
a one week will be start few hours later but I will do the my best too .
My first week will start in a few hours time , so I will do my best .

I will find a happy thing every day !
I quarrelwed with my friend yesterday .
I quarreled with my friend yesterday .
I hope happy every day , so I told me I should find some happy thing in order to change my feeling .
I wish to be happy everyday , so I told myself that I should find something happy in order to change how I was feeling .
Today , I help my partner get a good idea .
Today , I helped my partner come up with a good idea .
And a new partner who get PHD degree from America will join us .
And a new partner who received a PHD from America will join us .
That is thing what I feel happy today ! How about you ? Do you have some good news to me ?
That is what made me happy today ! How about you ? Do you have any good news for me ?

Mom , you are . . .
I got a phone call from my mother .
Usually , I make a call once a week , but these couple of weeks I did n't .
Usually , I make a call once a week , but these last few weeks I have n't had the time to .
Usually , I make a call once a week , but these last couple of weeks I did n't .
On the phone , she said , `` Well , there 's nothing special , but I 'm wondering how are you doing . `` I said , `` I 'm OK , mom .
On the phone , she said , `` Well , there 's nothing special going on , but I 'm wondering how are you doing . `` I said , `` I 'm OK , mom .
On the phone , she said , `` Well , there 's nothing special , but I 'm wondering how you 're doing . `` I said , `` I 'm OK , mom .
Sorry for not making a phone call and how have you been ?
Sorry for not calling . How have you been ?
Do your knees hurt ?
`` Our conversation continue this way .
`` Our conversation went on from there .
`` Our conversation continued in this way .
`` Our conversation continue like this .
She is 80 now , and she repeats the same thing again , I mean , same one as which I had heard last time .
She is 80 now , and she repeats the same things whenever we talk . So our conversation was the same as last time .
She is 80 now , and she repeats the same things over again and again .
She is 80 now , and she repeats the same thing again , I mean , she repeats the same thing I heard last time .
I listen to her nodding , `` hm . . , that 's good . . . . oh . . . `` and my last words arealways the same , `` Take good care of yourself , Mom . ``
I listened to her nodding , `` hm . . , that 's good . . . . oh . . . `` and my last words are always the same : `` Take good care of yourself Mom . ``
I nodded as I listened to her , saying , `` hm . . , that 's good . . . . oh . . . `` and my last words are always the same , `` Take good care of yourself , Mom . ``
This phone call reminded me of my blog family member 's entry journal `` Real Mothers `` .
This phone call reminded me of my family member 's blog entry entitled `` Real Mothers `` .
Here 's an excerpt :
`` Real Mothers know that a child 's growth is not measured by height or your grade . . .
`` Real Mothers know that a child 's growth is not measured by height or grade . . .
Ages start from 4 years and continue to 65 years .
18 years of age - - That old woman ?
She 's way out of date !
She 's way off !
45 years of age - - Wonder what Mom would have thought about it .
45 years of age - - I wonder what Mom would have thought about it .
65 years of age - - Wish I cloud talk it over with Mom .
65 years of age - - I wish I could talk it over with Mom .
Well , then , what about 55 years of age ?
It might be `` Worry about Mom and listen to Mom like a Real Mother .
I 'm lucky and happy because she is going well and I 'm in the situation which I can afford to listen to her .
I 'm lucky and happy because she is doing so well and I 'm in a situation which I can take the time to listen to her .
I 'm lucky and happy because she is going well and I can afford to listen to her .
I 'm lucky and happy because she is doing well and I 'm in a situation which I have time to listen to her .
Mother 's day is coming soon , and my mother always says , `` I do n't want anything , and I 'm glad that you care about me , and it 's enough . `` when I asked her what I can do for her .
Mother 's day is coming soon , and my mother always says , `` I do n't want anything . I 'm glad that you care about me . This is enough . `` when I asked her what I can do for her .
Mother 's day is coming soon , and my mother always says , `` I do n't want anything , and I 'm glad that you care about me , and that 's enough . `` when I asked her what I can do for her .
This year I could somehow got to know what she wanted now , so I 'm going shopping for her , `` a nice blouse `` .
This year I somehow found out what she wants , so I 'm going shopping to find her `` a nice blouse `` .
This year I somehow found out what she wants , so I 'm going shopping for a nice blouse .

Good morning . 20101218
Thank you for corrected to my daily .
Thank you for correcting my dairy .
I 'm very happy , but I think to study English .
I 'm very happy , but I think that I have to study English .
I want to speak English .
By the way , In Kyoto it 's zero degrees now .
I 'm very cold to my house .
I 'm very cold in my house .
Because I do n't have a heater .
I woke up at 4 : 30am .
I 'm sleepy .
I 'm eating breakfast for hot noodle .
I 'm having hot noodle for breakfast

Virginia , how have you been ?
Virginia , how are you being on this Christmas ?
Virginia , how are you doing this Christmas ?
I was 12 years old when I first heard of your Christmas story written as an editorial of New York Sun .
I was 12 years old when I first heard of your Christmas story written as an editorial in the New York Sun .
I was a know - it - all boy and I got frown at that time .
I was a know - it - all boy and I became sad at that time .
I do n't remember what exactly I thought , but I just did n't like a beautiful story that everyone would love , and did n't think anything what it means .
I do n't remember what exactly I thought , but I just did n't like a beautiful story that everyone would love , and did n't think anything about its meaning .
Very sorry about that , but one little child has many things other than thinking around a story from a foreign country .
Very sorry about that , but one little child has many things to think about other than a story from a foreign country .
Now I am enough old .
Now I am old enough .
For a grown - up , I have much time to do that kind of thing .
For a grown - up , I have a lot of time to do that kind of thing .
I think Santa exists .
He has brown long beard all over his face and wears a red cloth rimmed with millions of soft white fibers and he comes very diligently to children to give them nice presents .
I said I got frown when I read this story , probably because I did not believe in Santa at that time even though I knew it would be comfortable for me to believe in Santa .
I said I became sad when I read this story , probably because I did not believe in Santa at that time even though I knew it would be comfortable for me to believe in Santa .
Logic has very strong power that persuades any human beings , but after all they ca n't live only with it .
Logic has a very strong power that persuades any human being , but after all they ca n't live only with that .
Just imagine this .
Who in the world would think funny or interesting to see a boy saying , `` logically to say , Santa is my parents .
Who in the world would think it funny or interesting to see a boy saying , `` logically to say , Santa is my parent .
So , he does not exist with probability of 100 % . `` Even the most optimistic forecaster would never think he will be happy in his life .
So , 100 % probability that he does not exist . `` Even the most optimistic forecaster would never think he will be happy in his life .
I might say `` fuck off , kid . ``
There is another child here .
She says , `` Santa exists .
My parents are Santa ! `` very cheerfully .
She is far better than the logical boy at least for me because she knows how to enjoy her life without dropping into the logical whirl .
She is far better than the logical boy . At least compared to me because she knows how to enjoy her life without dropping into the logical whirl .
She knows this whirl is so powerful that drew everyone whereas she also knows this is not necessary to make her daily life happy .
She knows this whirl is so powerful that it draws everyone whereas she also knows this is not necessary to make her daily life happy .
I am kind of tired .
I will continue this to the next journal .

Today 's reading
A place was founded by Mr .
Browning and his friend Geno Rodriguez in 1974 , the year Mr .
Browning and his friend Geno Rodriguez in 1974 . That was the year Mr .
Browning immigrated to New York from London , where he had studied visual arts and went on to create kinetic , edgy installations using inflatable art with avant - garde musicians and dancers .
Browning immigrated to New York from London . In London , he had studied visual arts and went on to create kinetic , edgy installations using inflatable art with avant - garde musicians and dancers .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
An article extracted from newspaper .
An article extracted from a newspaper .
what does inflatable art mean ? It means changable , flexible ?
And also what does `` lose one `` s shirt `` means ?
it 's just a matter of time before things get spilled on , knocked over or broken , `` Mr .
Browning said .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
so is `` milling around `` and `` get spilled on ?
knock over ?
I 'm also working with Symphony Space to stream some of the concerts .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
what 's the meaning of stream ?
He has no publicist , and e - mailed me directly to set up our interview .
He has no assistant . `` I do n't know what my assistant would do besides get me pot , `` he says .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
get me pot means ?
so difficult ~

Public Speaking
I have taken the lecture of Public Speaking from yesterday in ESL school .
I have taken a lecture of Public Speaking since yesterday in ESL school .
But It 's difficult for me so I 'm thinking to change my class .
However , it 's difficult for me so I 'm thinking of changing to another class .
I 'm poor speaking toward people .
I 'm a poor speaker toward people .
When I speak to many people , get red face and tremble out voice .
When I speak to many people , my face gets red and my voice trembles .
I want to fix it .
but it 's not easy .
, but it 's not easy .
I will take same class tomorrow but I might change class .
I will take the public speaking tomorrow but I might change it .

Horse racing !
My hobby is watching horse racing at racetrack .
My hobby is watching horse racing at the racetrack .
I sometimes bet when my favorite horse runs .
I sometimes bet when my favorite horse runs .
But I lose almost races I bet .
But I lose almost all races I bet on .
My wife is angry when I do n't win at all .
My wife is angry when I do n't win at all .
I must decrease bet number of times to lose our money and not stress to my wife .
I make to effort rather watching TV than go to racetrack .
I make an effort to watch TV , rather than go to the racetrack .

Mothers talk
I had called from my mother .
She said let 's meet at Shinagawa noon and had a lunch together .
She said , `` Let 's meet at Shinagawa at noon and have lunch together . ``
I went to the Shinagawa station .
She was in front of bookstore .
She was in front of the / a bookstore .
I could catch her soon .
We had a lunch for sushi .
We had sushi for lunch .
It was tasty though I was really bored because my mothers talk was really worthless .
It was tasty , but I was really bored because my mother 's talk was really worthless .
She abused her relative for a long time .
I desperately endure her rubbish story .
I desperately endured her rubbish story .
I saw my mother off to the airport .
I was tired .

How to make a omelette rice .
I ate a omelette rice for lunch today , so I 'll introduce how to make it using some pictures .
I ate omelette rice for lunch today , so I 'll introduce how to make it using some pictures .
Hahaha : )
First I prepare some eggs ( about 3 or 4 ) and some ingredients for rice .
First prepare some eggs ( about 3 or 4 ) and some ingredients for rice .
Today I used a onion and chicken meat .
Today I used an onion and some chicken meat .
No2 . ( The first picture )
I stir - fry what I prepared .
I mixed the ingredients with a plate of rice .
And I season using flavoring , here I use some ketchup for rice .
And I season using flavoring . Here I use some ketchup for the rice .
No4 . ( The second picture )
After seasoning , I put mixed rice which includes the ingredients and some flavors in a dish .
I make a omelette .
No6 . ( The third picture )
I put the omelette on the mixed rice with some ketchup .
I completed ! !
The omelette rice is very popular food among children .
The omelette rice is a very popular food among children .
It tasted good : )

is that sexual ?
last english talk class , we learn about simple past and past continue .
During my last english speaking class , we learned about simple past and past continue .
and teacher made us to make sentance using simple past and past perfect continue .
The teacher made us to make sentences using simple past and past perfect continue .
teacher looks our sentance and point out some mistakes .
S / he then looked at our sentences and pointed out some mistakes .
he said [ I was eating dinner when my parents came ] can be `` sexual ``
He said that `` I was eating dinner when my parents came `` can be `` sexual . ``
I ca n't understand but he do n't want to explain much .
I could n't understand , but he did n't want to explain .
and I want to know why it can be sexual ?
I want to know why it can be sexual ?

About learning
I am fond of learing English from last year but still sometimes feel despondent a little bit when I can not remind how to spell a word by myself .
I have been enjoying learning English since last year but I still sometimes feel despondent a little bit when I can not remember how to spell a word by myself .
It always go this way , finally remember a new word and then want to type it next time fotget again .
It always goes this way ; I finally remember a new word and then want to type it next time , but then I forget again .
I am always distress at how to keep a new word in my mind for a long time when I need it .
I am always stressed about how to keep a new word in my mind for when I need it later .
Sometimes I will consider what is the best way to learn a language except study abroad since I do n't have much money .
Sometimes I consider what is the best way to learn a language besides studying abroad since I do n't have much money .
Meanwhile , I found that people has different reason to learn English .
Meanwhile , I found that people have different reasons for learning English .
Some of them learn English for promotion ; Some of them learn it for communicating with customer at work .
Some of them learn English to get a promotion ; Some of them learn it for communicating with customer at work .
But my motive at first is just for fun .
But my primary motivation is learning just for fun .
Now I wonder this reason is too weak to learn efficienyle , because there is few chance to work by English at my job .
Now I wonder if this reason is too weak to learn efficiently , because there are few chances to use English at my job .
Anyway , one saying is true .
No pain no gain .

The best place to go cycling
Today , I 'd like to talk about my hobby , cycling .
When I was in my university , I belonged to the cycling club and traveled about Japan by bicycle .
When I was at university , I belonged to the cycling club and traveled about Japan by bicycle .
The best place I have ever visited for cycling is Hokkaido , the northern island of Japan .
It is because a large part of Hokkaido has so wide roads that cyclists like me run very smoothly .
It is because a large part of Hokkaido has such wide roads that cyclists like me canride very smoothly .
In addition , people in Hokkaido are generous to cyclists because anumber of cyclists visit there every year .
In addition , people in Hokkaido are generousto cyclists because a number of cyclists visit there every year .
I remember many Hokkaido people supported us such as buying us foods and something to drink when I went cycling there with my friends .
I remember many Hokkaido people supported us by buying us food and something to drink when I went cycling there with my friends .
So , I hope to go cycling in Hokkaido again in the near future .

Hello : )
Nice to meet you !
My name is Chie .
I go to a high school , and I am a student of the English course .
I go to high school , and I am a student of English .
I go to a high school and I am studying English .
I go to high school and I am a student in the English course .
But I ca n't understand English grammer .
But I ca n't understand English grammar .
But I do n't understand English grammar .
But I ca n't understand English grammar .
So , I decided to try to Lang - 8 .
So , I decided to try Lang - 8 .
So , I decided to try to Lang - 8 .
So , I decided to try out Lang - 8 .
Please correct my sentences !
I want to speak & write English well and watch a movie in English with English subtitles , too .
I want to speak & write English well and watch movies in English with English subtitles , too .
I want to speak and write English well , and be able to watch a movie in English with English subtitles , also .
I love movies , music and disney ! !
I love movies , music and Disney ! !
I love movies , music , and Disney ! !
Thank you for read my sentences ! : >
Thank you for reading my sentences ! : >
Thank you for reading my sentences ! : >
Thank you for reading my sentences ! : >

My mom 's friend came to my house this afternoon .
She had a large box and handed to me .
I opened the box , there were lots of peaches .
I opened the box , ( and ) there were lots of peaches ( in it ) .
I bit into a juicy peach .
Taste was very sweet !
The taste was very sweet !
I like juicy fruit such as peach and grapefruit !

Today I 'll show you my favorite book .
This is a book for a Japanese studying English .
This is a book for Japanese people who are studying English .
The title is `` English from textbooks and dictionaries that natives do n't use . ``
The title is `` English from textbooks and dictionaries that native speakers do n't use . ``
I learn English from this book , and this is simply interesting : )
I am learning English from this book , and it is simply interesting : )
And this book made me notice how rude my English is ! !
I think that it 's really difficult how to use a preposition .
I think that it 's really difficult to know how to use a preposition .
We can make a sentence different meaning by using a preposition .
We can make a sentence have a different meaning by using a preposition .
Aha . . .
I need to memorize the patterns of combining prepositions and verbs .

Terrible ! !
There was something bad affair happened last night in Taiwan .
Something bad happened last night in Taiwan .
I thought it was a terrible thing ! ! ! .
A election - eve shooting happened AGAIN ! ! .
An election - eve shooting happened AGAIN ! ! .
Six years ago , one of the candidates of Presidential Election was shot by a man .
Six years ago , one of the candidates of the Presidential Election was shot by a man .
Fortunately , nobody get serious hurt in the accident .
Fortunately , nobody got seriously hurt in that incident .
But this time is different , one innocent victim died and Ex - Vice President 's son was injure seriously .
But this time is was different . One innocent victim died and the Ex - Vice President 's son was seriously injured .
Hope he will recover soon ! !

Electric Fan
I am using an electric fan now .
It has five blades .
A selling point of the electric fan is having five blades .
A special feature of this fan is the five blades .
But , I do n't know what is difference between three blades and five blades .
But , I do n't know the difference between three blades and five blades .
I am studying mechanical engineering now , so I am interested in it .

The Limits of Control
Today , I went to the cinema in Shinjuku with my friends .
They are friends with whom I went to Oregon last year , so we met for the first time in about a year .
They are friends that I went to Oregon with last year , so we met for the first time in about a year .
We talked about recent events such as school life , our part time jobs , club activity and so on .
We talked about recent events such as school life , our part time jobs , club activities and so on .
We talked about recent events such as school life , our part time jobs , club activities and so on .
I was really happy to meet them for the first time in a long while .
I was really happy to see them for the first time in a long while .
We watched `` The Limits of Control `` together .
This movie was really mysterious .
A black killer who seems strong travels around Spain to kill a person .
A black killer who seems strong , travels around Spain to kill a person .
A black killer , who seems strong , travels around Spain to kill a person .
A black killer , who seems strong , travels around Spain to kill a person .
During his trip , he meets many people and exchanges match boxes with them .
In the match boxes , there are directions which he has to follow .
He does n't talk much and people whom he meets are also mysterious .
Even after the movie finished , we could n't understand what the director of this movie wanted to tell us .
I ca n't say this movie was boring , but I also ca n't say this movie was interesting .
I just felt mysterious !
It just felt mysterious !
It just felt mysterious !
From now on , I want to think about what the meaning of this movie is .
Thanks for reading my entry !

I fished yesterday .
I went fishing yesterday .
My fishing style is `` top water fishing `` .
My fishing style is `` top water fishing . ``
Fish reaction is too bad , because feel so cold recent .
Yesterdat was different .
Yesterday was different .
I casted count about 30 .
I threw my cast about 30 times .
very nice boil action on the water .
and I battle by fish .
I struggled with the fish .
I got nice fish .
I got a nice fish .
but , It is catfish .
but , It was a catfish .
I want black bass .
I wanted a black bass .
no cat fish . . .
not a cat fish . . .
I want blackbass . . . .
I wanted a black bass . . . .

Singapore part2
[ The First Day ( September 11th , 2005 ) ]
Our flight planed to depart the Narita Air Port at four - thirty p . m .
Our flight planned to depart the Narita Air Port at four - thirty p . m .
We prepared every things for boarding and waited time was comming .
We prepared everything for boarding and waited .
Unfortunatelly , it had very strong rain and thunder at that time so that our flight delayed thirty minutes .
Unfortunately , there was very strong rain and thunder at that time so our flight was delayed thirty minutes .
We boarded the plane five p . m .
We boarded the plane at five p . m .
and arrived the Changi Airport half hour behind schedule .
and arrived at the Changi Airport half hour behind schedule .
It was ten - thirty p . m .
It was ten - thirty p . m . by then .
We went to the ' New Park Hotel Singapore ' by bus .
We took a look at the Web regarding this hotel when we decided to stay there .
Before deciding to stay at this hotel , we checked it out online .
We only got a inforamtion , `` This hotel is cheap ! `` .
In fact , our room was not special , but it was not so bad .
Our room was n't that special , but it was n't too bad either .
We were satisfied with our room and slept early to wake up early tomorrow morinig .
We were satisfied with our room and went to bed early so we could wake up early in the morning .
to be continued . .

Explanation
I could not explane ' a certain probability ' in English when I talk to my friends .
I could not explain ' a certain probability ' in English when I talk to my friends .
I could not explain `` a certain probability `` in English when I talk to my friends .
So I want to dare to explan again here .
So I want to try explain here .
So I want to explain it here .
The probalility represents how many people are watching particular program in each area .
The probability represents how many people are watching particular program in each area .
The probability represents how many people are watching ( a ) particular program ( s ) in each area .
The probability indicate that a company choose broadcasting stations to advertise on TV .
Then , if we know a certain program has high probalility compare with other programs , we might want to watch the program even though we are n't interested in the program .
Then , if we know a certain program has high probability compare with other programs , we might want to watch the program even though we are n't interested in the program .

I heard it from someone that . . . . .
I heard it from a friend of mine that . . . . .
I heard it from one of my friends that . . . . . . .
I heard it from my friend that . . . . . . .
I heard it from my friends that . . . . . . . . . .
which one is the best way to say ?
when you come back to Bangkok will you give me a call ?
when you came back to Bangkok will you give me a call ?
when you 're coming back to Bangkok will you give me a call ?
I know what the sentences ' literally ' mean but not sure for the nuances that each sentences imply .
how do you feel when you are told like those sentences ?
How do you feel when you hear sentences like that ?
is it almost same so that I could use any of them at any time ?
Are they almost same so I could use any of them at any time ?
thanks !

My profile .
I live in Tokyo , Japan .
My work is making web ( pc and mobile ) computer system in Ikebukuro .
My job is making web ( pc and mobile ) and computer systems , in Ikebukuro .
My work is making web ( pc and mobile ) computer systems in Ikebukuro .
I 've started a diary in English because I will be discussion about new computer technology and I want to make friends from around the world .
I 've started a diary in English because I want to discuss new computer technology , and I want to make friends from around the world .
I 've started a diary in English because I will be discussing about the new computer technology and I want to make friends from around the world .
You will stay or live in Japan when please contact me .
If you are staying or living in Japan please contact me .
but taking English very very little .
but I speak very very little English .
( > _ < )
I want to more taking English .
I want to speak more English .
I want to talk more in English .
but the first , read and write in English .
but first , I will learn to read and write in English .
but first , I have to read and write in English .
Please give me friend request from native English talkers .
Please send me a friend request if you are a native English speaker .
Please give me friend requests from native English speakers .
Shall we help eachother learn ?
Shall we help each other learn ?

Writing in English
I 've realized that , in Japan , we do n't really practice writing and speaking in English in schools .
I 've realized that , in Japan , we do n't really practice writing and speaking English in schools .
But when you are in another country , these are the most important factors to survive .
I once read that writing in a language effectively requires , at the very least , a basic level of fluency .
That means you need to first focus on mastering the most common 2000 words in the language .
It takes years to achieve this level of fluency .
Although we all start learning English at middle school in Japan , there are not so many Japanese people who are fluent in it .
Although we all start learning English at middle school in Japan , there are not very many Japanese people who are fluent in it .
And we even have a reputation for not speaking English .
We even have a reputation for not speaking English .
When I was backpacking through South - East Asia , a lot of people that I met used to say , `` Oh , your English is good . `` , Which you usually do n't say to European people .
And after saying that , they 'd always add , `` Japanese people usually do n't speak English , right ? `` .
I did n't know what to respond lol One of my life goals is to make Japan a bilingual country .
I did n't know how to respond . lol One of my life goals is to make Japan a bilingual country .
I want to change the Japanese way of English education system .
I want to change the way English language education is handled in Japanese schools .

My husband is n't coming home .
It 's around 1 a . m . but He is n't home and drink beer somewhere with someone .
It 's around one in the morning but he has n't come home and he is drinking beer somewhere with someone .
It 's around 1 a . m . but He is n't home and is drinking beer somewhere with someone .
He does n't like alcoholic drink .
He does n't like alcoholic drinks .
He does n't like alcoholic drinks ,
but sometimes , he must drink related his working with buyer .
However , sometimes , he must drink related his work with a buyer .
but sometimes he must drink related his workings with buyers .
See the time .
Look at the time .
he went to work yesterday .
He went to work yesterday .
He went to work yesterday .
now . . .
Date was changed and he does n't get a cell phone .
The date was changed and he does n't get a cell phone .
I prepared a glass of honey water in the refrigerator .
I prepared a glass of honey water and put it in the refrigerator .
I 'll go to the bed .
I 'll go to bed now .
I 'm going to bed .

My first diary of this web service
Today , I went to the chamber of commerce and industry to announce our lesson of Student Company Program ( SCP ) .
We had lunch .
We seemed that we ate at the hotel .
( ? ) We ate at the hotel .
EVI was very delicious to me .
I wanted to take a photo of great meals , but I could n't because we were surrounded by adults , adults like boss of the company .
I wanted to take a photo of the great meals , but I could n't because we were surrounded by adults , adults like the boss of the company .
Then , I went to the Junkdo book store to look for guidebooks .
I 'm going to go to Thailand .
Last summer I went there with my friend .
Will he go with me ?
Will he go with me ( again ) ?
How much should I prepare ?
( For example , I spent one hundred thousand yen in a week as a home stay program . )
( For example , I spent one hundred thousand yen in a week for a home stay program . )
I need not bring my bicycle .
There are many facilities for transportation like BTS in Bangkok .
There are many facilities for transportation like the BTS in Bangkok .

Turmoil by animals
Recently , some cats come to my house .
They play and run on the roof of my house .
Their screams are sometimes noisy .
Today at 4 o ' clock a . m . , I and my father woke up because we heard the gate squaking .
Today at 4 a . m . , I and my father woke up because we heard the gate creaking .
We went there and saw my dog try to escape .
We went there and saw my dog trying to escape .
My dog hates loud sounds and it was thundering so he was trying to escape from the sound of the thunder .

I need some poems .
This is the first time to write a journal in June .
It 's been a little bit long interval .
Recently , I 'm reading collections of poems and the book about poetry to search for my favorite poem because I 've got to pick up it , whatever poem I like , and make the presentation of it in my class .
Recently , I have been reading collections of poems and using a book about poetry to search for my favorite one because I will need to use it in a class presentation soon .
I 've read some poems ever , but I had n't been interested in poetry so much all my life .
I 've read some poems before , but I have n't been much interested in poetry during / at any point in my life .
So this assignment is bothering me .
But I should do it anyway .
I thought that it might be interesting to read some English poems .
And now I 'm actually searching them by reading some books .
So If you have your favorite poets and their works , I 'd like you to tell me about them .
So If you have some favorite poets and their works , I 'd like you to tell me about them .
Please . ^ ^

Basketball
Today I met my collegues .
They did basketball game .
They played in a basketball game .
I had lost touch with them sinse early June .
Because I went on maternity leave .
I 'm not in the office these days but it dose n't make any difference to their work .
Sometimes I feel lonely when I think like that .
Anyway , I was happy to meet them .

How do I look today ?
I have no confidence at my appearance .
I have no confidence in my appearance .
I have no confidence in my appearance .
I 'm afraid of other eyes every day .
I 'm afraid of other people 's eyes every day .
Every day , I am afraid of others looking at me .
When I found a nice clothes at the mall , I could n't choose best one .
When I found nice clothes at the mall , I could n't choose the best one .
When I found nice clothes at the mall , I could n't choose the best one .
I 'm at lose it good on me or not .
I 'm at a loss , does it look good on me or not .
I 'm if it looks good on me or not .
As a result , I choose basic and simple style .
As a result , I chose a basic and simple style .
I wish I could show myself with a nice dress kind of fashionable reader !
I wish I could wear a nice dress like in a magazine . !

I hate the exams . . . ! !
I like to study every thing around me so so much .
I like to study everything around me so much .
I like studying everything around me so so much .
But in the other hand I hate to have exams ,
On the other hand , I hate to have exams ,
It 's hard for me to be in a such system `` an exam after an exam ``
Now I 'm studying for tomorrow 's exam .
I feel a little worried I know I can pass it But since I was a child I have this feeling before the exams .
I feel a little worried I know I can pass it But since I was a child I had this feeling .
I feel a little bit worried I know I can pass it But since I was a child I have this feeling before the exams .
please friends . . pray for me to pass tomorrow 's exam .
thank you . . ^ _ ^

First day in town
Previously I wrote my sort - of - like diary in xanga but now I 've just decided to open up a new site - here - for the sake of pushing myself to write in English .
Earlier , I wrote a sort - of diary on xanga but now I 've just decided to open up a new account - here - for the sake of pushing myself to write in English .
As a matter of fact , I do wish to learn French , Spanish , all these different sorts of languages as well .
Sound ambitious but I know one day I will succeed .
Words do n't come easy in my dictionary .
So hello stranger .
So hello strangers .
Hope we will get along well and thanks for your correcting my grammar here , too .
I hope we can all get along , and thanks for correcting my grammer here too .
Good Day !

Translation
I found that it is difficult to write my daily life ,
I found that it is difficult to write about my daily life ,
so I translate my favorite novels !
so I translated my favorite novels !
I think it is very hard to translate all of the novel ,
I think it 's very hard to translate all of the novel ,
I am going to divide novel into some parts .
So , I am going to divide novel into several parts .
`` Duke ``
I could not stop crying while I was walking .
The woman who are 21 years old cried with grief and walked
The woman who was 21 years old cried with grief and walked
so it was natural that some people looked me suspiciously .
so it was natural that some people looked at me suspiciously .
But I , still , could not stop crying .
But I still could not stop crying .
Duke has died .
My Duke has died .
My heart was torn by grief .
Duke was a dog .
He was shepherd and had gray eyes
He was shepherd 's dog and had gray eyes
and cream hairs .
When he came to my home , he was still baby .
When he came to my home , he was still a baby .
When he run the corridor , he slipped with his belly on the corridor .
When he ran through the corridor , he slipped and landed on his belly .
I felt it was very cute , so I called his name and made him run again
I thought it was really cute , so I called his name and made him run again
and again . ( Everybody laughed because it was like a mop . )
and again . ( Everybody laughed because he was like a mop . )
He loved egg food , ice cream and pears .
He loved eggs , ice cream and pears .
He was born in May , and he matched in the beginning of summer .
When I took a walk with him in the season of fresh green ,
he sometimes squinted when wind blew .
he sometimes squinted when the wind blew .
He sometimes sulked , and his sulky profile resembled James Dean ,
He loved music , and when I played the piano ,
he always crouched down and listened .
And he , Duke kissed me very well .
And Duke kissed me very well .

It 's my first blog !
It 's difficult for me to write my blog in English . .
Although I 'm 24 years old and I have studied English for more than 10 years . .
Actually almost of our Japanese is not good at speaking in English ,
Actually almost all Japanese are not good at speaking in English ,
but many of them want to speak in English .
SO , In Japan 's book stores , you can look for the English text easily .
SO , In Japan 's book stores , you can find English texts easily .
For Japanese , it 's cool to speak Language without Japanese !
To the Japanese , it 's cool to speak languages that are n't Japanese !
For Japanese , it 's cool to speak another language !
In addition , Speaking in English means we can have many friends in the world and will have as twice friends as we have now .
In addition , speaking in English means we can have many friends throughout the world and will have twice as many friends as we have now .
It 's so exciting !

Formal Letter of Complaint
To whom it may concern .
I am writing to express my positive impressions on the services provided by the Readalot Book Club and to give some suggestions for its improvement .
I am writing to express my positive impressions on the services provided by the Readalot Book Club and to give some suggestions for their improvement .
First , as stated on one piece of advertising , the variety of titles to choose from is outstanding .
Firstly , as in one piece of advertisement , the selection of titles is outstanding .
I was also very pleased with the customer review feature , which I found to be very useful indeed .
I was also very pleased / impressed with the customer review feature , which I found to be very useful indeed .
Sadly , the same advertisement failed to mention that , although it is true that a customer can pick the first three books free of charge , only a limited set of titles is offered .
Stating such a drawback would add to the integrity of the club .
Stating such a drawback / term could actually ( add to / benefit ) the integrity of the club .
I was also deeply dissatisfied when browsing the latest books .
These were not much cheaper than their bookstore counterparts , a problem which I believe the club should solve immediately so as to not lose customers to the shops .
In addition , I would like to see a quicker delivery system being implemented , since the period of waiting is sometimes as long as a whole week .
In addition , I would like to see a quicker delivery / fulfillment system being implemented , since the period of waiting ( delivery time ) is sometimes as long as a whole week .
But what struck me the most was the fact that I could not get through the customer services by phone at all .
I strongly advise the club to hire more personnel .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Alex Carneiro .

sleep again
Our first class used to at eight but at ten on Tuseday .
Our first class usually starts at eight but on Tuesday , it starts at 10 .
Today is Tuesday , I forgot it , so I get up early .
I forgot that today is Tuesday , , so I got up early .
After my breakfast , I came back and sat on the bed , sleepiness came to me .
After my breakfast , I came back and sat on the bed . Sleepiness came over me .
hence , I had to get into the bedclothes again .
hence , I had to get into bed again .

~ = It 's hard to believe that this = ~
Hi everyone !
The images showed a wild polar bear that is going near to tethered sled dogs in the wilds of `` Hudson B `` in Canada !
These images show a wild polar bear going near tethered sled dogs in the wilds of `` Hudson B `` in Canada !
The images showed a wild polar bear that is going near tethered sled dogs in the wilds of Hudson Bay in Canada !
The photographer was sure that he was going to see the end of his dogs when the
polar bear wandered in . . . ( The picture 1 from the left & the middle )
But , It 's hard to believe that this polar bear only needed to hug someone ! _ _ _ _ !
But , It 's hard to believe that this polar bear only needed to hug someone ! _ _ _ _ !
The last photo ^ - ^
Thanks for reading & correcting ,
How to get to my car parkking space from my apartment .
How to get to my car parking space from my apartment .
Walk along the aisle in front of my apartment door , then you can see the elevator .
Down to the first floor by the elevator , then take the automatic door in front of you .
As you get out of the building , you 'll find the narrow step on your right .
Up the stair and just walk straight , so you 'll find my red car .
Up the stairs and just walk straight , so you 'll find my red car .

Save the Miners , and Historical events
70 days ago , 33 miners were trapped in the mine by the roof - fall accident in Chile .
Yesterday , the rescue started , and I watched the news until the first person has bee saved .
Yesterday , the rescue started , and I watched the news until the first person had been saved .
It was a very moving moment , and I felt the power of the Internet .
I could n't watch such that moment on TV real time , but I can now .
I could n't watch that moment on real time TV , but I can now .
This morning , I watched CNN student news on the iPad , and I wondered why historical events are described using present tense .
Historical event happened in the past , I thought those should be described using past tense .
Historical events happened in the past , I thought those should be described using past tense .
The news program made in the USA , so I 'm sure that present tense must be used to describe historical events .
The news program was made in the USA , so I 'm sure that present tense must be used to describe historical events .
I usually say I was born in Tokyo , which ca n't be a historical event except for me though .
Why present tense is used to describe historical events ?

I just found out the light !
I just discovered this website !
I just found out Lang - 8 .
I just discovered Lang - 8 .
How could I did n't know `` Lang - 8 `` ? !
How come I did n't know about Lang - 8 before ? !
I think I need some time to look around this site .
I think I need some time to look around this website .
Now , I 'm so happy and excited .
Now , I 'm so nd excited .
It feels like my English is getting better .
It feels like my English is getting better already !
Please be happy day !
Have a good day !

Three elements of love
Psychologist Sternberg , propose that love can be devided into three elements .
Psychologist ( First Name ) Sternberg once proposed that love can be devided into three elements .
Those are Intimacy , Passion and Commitment .
They are intimacy , passion and commitment .
Interesing thing or could be unfortunate , is man and woman value those things differently .
The interesing thing ( or maybe it is unfortunate ) , is that men and women value these things differently .
Usually man think Passion is the key of love , but woman consider Intimacy or Commitment is the key .
Usually men think that passion is the key to love , but women consider intimacy or commitment to be the key .
It 's because woman subconciously care about her ( not their ) Child .
It 's because women subconciously care about her ( not their ) child .
Find the decent guy who devote himself 120 % is maybe goal of her life in terms of reproduce .
And I found very exciting stastical data today .
And I found a very exciting stastic today .
`` 20 % of child is not father 's real child ``
`` 20 % of children are not their father 's real child ``
I could n't find the source so it ca n't be distortion fact .
I could n't find the source , so it could be a distortion of fact .
But Father !
you should confidentially consider DNA test before you marry .
You should confidentially consider taking a DNA test before you marry .

It was hailing when I woke up .
And roads ' edges was accumulated by hail .
I do n't like cold weather .
But I do like the smell of Snowing day .
But I do like the smell of a Snowing day .
I was happy a little .
I was a little happy .
I hope it will snow soon .
There is an oil heater in theacher 's room .
There is an oil heater in the { staff } teacher 's room .
The top became really hot because it 's very old .
So one of teacher brought sweet potetos and burnt it .
So one of the teachers brought sweet potatoes and burnt it .
We ate it after school . : )
I change my opinion .
I changed my opinion .
I like the smell and such a cold day .
I like the smell and such of a cold day .

Conditional sentences
Conditional sentences are one of units
Conditional sentences are one of the units
which I have not understand well yet .
which I do not understand well yet .
So , I will practice it today .
A : Why do n't we go for a drink now ?
B : If I had no other schedules , I could go with you .
B : If I had nothing else scheduled , I could go with you .
- - - - - - -
A : Yesterday we enjoyed drinking at beer garden .
A : Yesterday we enjoyed drinking at the beer garden .
B : If I had had no other schedule , I could have gone with you .
B : If I had had nothing else scheduled , I could have gone with you .
- - - - - - - -
A : I see your point , but how can we work on the urgent cases ?
B : If you receive an urgent request from the customer ,
please instruct us to ship the item not combined .
- - - - - - - - -
Are n't there any cases which we use future tense in if - clause ?

There are many stray dogs and cats inhabiting in my community .
At times the cats will climb up the condos and then gather on the rooftop .
At times the cats climb up the condos and then gather on the rooftop .
I like to appreciate them lazily sprawling on the roof , enjoying the breeze at summer night and the sunshine in winter from my balcony .
I like to appreciate them lazily sprawling on the roof from my balcony , enjoying the breeze on a summer night , and the sunshine in winter .
How cozy it is !
I always wonder maybe being a cat is much happier than being a man as seeing them blissfully lying on the roof .
Seeing their face fulling with satisfaction makes me feel sort of glade all day .
Seeing their faces fullwith satisfaction makes me feel sort of glad all day .
It 's a interesting sight .
It 's an interesting sight .

I joined a English circle .
Yesterday , first time to attend a English circle .
Yesterday ( was my ) first time to attend an English circle .
A English circle is local community in Nagano japan .
I met 2 people learning English .
We had talked about introduce ourself .
We talked about introducing ourselves .
But we could n't talk so mush .
But we could n't talk so much ,
Because Our English skill are entry level .
because our English skills are beginner level .
So How should we start to learning English in my circle .
So how should we start to learn English in my circle ?

The typhoon had come and the wind is blowing strong .
The typhoon had come and the wind was blowing strong .
The clouds were gathering .
We locked all the doors but still could the strong wind blowing .
We locked all the doors but still we could the strong wind blowing .
Typhoon always means a good thing to me .
A typhoon always means a good thing to me .
It brings rain , wind and holiday .
But this time it ruined sb 's birthday .
I was going to see her to celebrate her birthday but my parents were on the way .
I was going to see her to celebrate her birthday but my parents were on the way ( to see me ) .
They were very angry which made it hard for me to make a right decision .
They were very angry which made it hard for me to make the right decision .
Then sb called me and told me not to go to her home in case of that bad weather .
Then sb called me and told me not to go to her home in case of bad weather .
I slept quite a while and dreamed nightmares .
When I waked up the wind was still blowing , just as my thoughts .
When I woke up the wind was still blowing , just as I thought .

Pumpkin pudding
I bought a pumpkin pudding at a convenience store in Japan .
This taste is like HEAVEN !
The taste is like HEAVEN !
It tastes like HEAVEN !
It 's soooo delicious !
It 's soooo delicious !
I had an exam today
I checked my answer after the exam .
I checked my answers after the exam .
I passed it !
but I do n't know I become what I can do after getting the license .

I have to wake up at 3 am tomorrow .
I 'm going to go to Holland and stay there for 4 days .
I 'm looking forward to see tulips gardens and wind mills .
I 'm looking forward to seeing tulips gardens and wind mills .

Beginning
Hi , guys = )
I 'm here for the first time and I do n't know why but I definitely do n't know what I can write Oo
I 'm here for the first time and I do n't know why but I definitely do n't know what to write Oo
So I tell you about my interests ) ) )
So I will tell you about my interests ) ) )
Firstly , it 's anime ) ) ) I 'm interested in it about 4 or 5 years .
Firstly , anime I 've been interested in it for about 4 or 5 years .
Me favorite series are : Claymore , Code Geass , Death Note , Howl 's moving castle and other Miyazaki works , Loveless , Junjou romantica etc .
Then , I must tell you about my second addition .
It 's doramas ) ) Not only Japanese but also Korean , Chinese and Taiwanese ) Now I / m fall in love with Korean Dorama `` You 're beautiful `` with Lee HongKi feom FTIsland and Jang Keun Suk ( `` Baby and me `` , `` Beethoven virus `` ) .
is doramas , not just Japanese but also Korean , Chinese and Taiwanese . Now I have fallen in love with the Korean dorama `` You 're Beautiful `` starring Lee HongKi from FT Island and Jang Keun Suk ( Baby and Me , Beethoven Virus ) .
And the third addition is music , especially asian ) I really love Korean music , for example , DBSK / TVXQ / TOHOSHINKI , SHINee , Super Junior and all their subgroups , Fly to the Sky , FTIsland etc .
And my third addiction is music , especially asian music . I really love Korean music and groups such as DBSK / TVXQ / TOHOSHINKI , SHINee , Super Junior and all of their subgroups , Fly to the Sky , and FT Island etc .

It 's been getting cooler and cooler lately .
Winter is just around the corner here .
I ca n't go out sans jacket .
When I 'm in my room , I turn a heater on .
I usually go to bookstore during my daily walk .
I usually go to the bookstore during my daily walk .
I like to browse what is on the shelf on the off chance that there 's a compatible book to read .
Recently , I found a book whose author is Brian Tracy .
Title is `` GOAL `` .
The title is `` GOAL `` .
I have n't finished reading it yet .
Maybe gradually .
Winter is a good season to read books because the chances we go out are often lessened by the coldness outside .

remioromen
lately I listen to some japanese songs , and once I stuck with one of japanese band . the band 's name is remioromen . the name remioromen itself anyway does not have something to do with any single word in any language . it came up as result of a wordplay from the 3 members , leading as vocalist is ryota uzumaki . bassist , keisuke maeda and drummer , osamu jinguji .
as far as I concerned , remioromen is quite famous here in Japan . at least , you should try your luck on a lottery for a ticket of remioromen 's concert ticket . remioromen 's most famous is konayuki and sangatsu kokonoka . well , I am neither liking both the most . majorly , remioromen 's songs are concerning love or strife to succeed , but they are always related to nature . tsubasa ( wing ) , ameagari ( time after rain ) , kosumosu ( cosmos flower ? ) to mention some .
kami fubuki , minami kaze , or koi no yokan would be my most favorites . how about you then ? why dont try to listen to the other of their songs ?

I hate it ! ! ! ! !
I lost way to my houce .
I got lost on the way back to my house .
So , I called a taxy .
So , I called a taxi .
It costs 10000 yen .
It cost me 10000 yen .
Taxy is very expensive .
Taxi fare is very expensive .
For this reason , I hate it .
I hate it for that reason .

For the writing test 01
How build up the organization system is one of the most important decision for companies .
How to go about building up the organizational system is one of the most important decisions for a companie .
These days , the flat organization has been considered one of the best ways to motivate employees .
These days , a flat organization has been considered one of the best ways to motivate employees .
However , in my view , I firmly believe that the somewhat fierce competition from classification of employees and grades is necessary for the efficiency of organizations .
However , I firmly believe that the somewhat fierce competition from classification of employees and grades is necessary for the efficiency of organizations .
Above all , as far as money is concerned in this capitalism society , ranks are necessary for the efficiency .
Above all , as far as money is concerned in this capitalist society , ranks are necessary for the efficiency .
The reason that capitalism societies have been able to be developed is the belief that the wealth of riches was properly compensated and this has motivated people to strive to follow them by working hard and developing special something .
The reason that capitalist societies have been able to be developed is due to the belief that the wealth of the rich was properly compensated for . This has motivated people to strive to follow them by working hard , and developing special something .
Given companies in capitalism society ; this case can also be applied for the matter of ranks in business world .
Given the companies in capitalism society , this case can also be applied to the matter of ranks in the business world .
If there is no differentiation about the consequence of work , employees would think that there would be no needs for work .
If there is no differentiation in the consequence of work , employees would think that there would be no need for work .
In this aspect , the definite distinction of salary is indispensible .

I went home yesterday because of QingMing .
I went home yesterday for the Qing Ming Festival .
Today I got up at 7 : 00 , then I asked mum to visit grandpa .
Today I got up at 7am , after which I asked ( my ) mom to visit grandpa .
Today I got up at 7 : 00 , after which I asked mum If we could visit grandpa .
I did not do that in the end .
Because troubles always trouble me in these some days of months .

I ca n't continued diary ( > _ < )
Because my father used computer , so I ca n't use it .
Today I watched Harry Potte7 - 1 ( * ^ _ ^ * ) it so interesting butit 's 2D , so I waiting HArry Potter7 - 2 , because it 's 3D ^ ^

TradeStation
I 'm working with TradeStation 2000i .
That is a sort of system trading tool .
Yesterday , I verified source coding that using Dow Jones Industrial Index .
Yesterday , I verified the source code that uses Dow Jones Industrial Index .
I commented an order `` print `` for debugging .
I found that if DJI over 10000 point then TS shows down to one decimal places , else if it shows down to two .
I found that if the DJI is over 10000 point then the TS reduces to one decimal place , or else it reduces to two decimal place .
It should show 2 decimal places .
It should be displayed as 2 decimal places .
I 'm looking for the reason why , and I have to set it shows correctly .
I 'm looking for the reason why . I have to set it so that it shows correctly .

Why I live .
Why do I live .
It 's wonder .
It 's a wonder .

I was busy with housework
Today is the second day of the holiday .
As usual , I got up earliest in my family .
I prepared the breakfast for my daughter and my husband .
I prepared breakfast for my daughter and my husband .
because they had to go school and go work .
When they leaved , I began to clean the room , do the washing , water the flower and so on .
After they left , I began to clean the room , do the washing , water the flower and so on .
It is almost noon when I finished all of the housework .
It was almost noon when I finished all of the housework .
Now is myself time .
Now it is my time .
I can watch favorite drama , or read book , or listen to the music .
I can watch my favorite drama , or read book , or listen to music .
However , this time only lasts three or four hours .
However , I have only three or four hours to relax .
As you know , I have to prepare supper for my family .
Why there is not a holiday in housework ?
Why is there no holiday for a housewife ?

My Holiday memo :
[ Saturday ]
I could n't go English lesson .
I could n't go to my English lesson .
Because , I have made a mistake !
Because , I made a mistake !
I was wrong in time .
I came at the wrong time .
( Start at 10 : 40 but I went at 11 : 40 )
( It starts at 10 : 40 but I went at 11 : 40 )
So sad and upset my self !
I was so sad and upset with myself !
Next , I went to swimming pool with my friends .
Next , I went to the swimming pool with my friends .
I ca n't swim .
But I had very good time .
After swimming , We go out drink to Asagaya and Koenji .
After swimming , we went out for a drink to Asagaya and Koenji .
I 'm too much drunk .
I got too drunk or I drunk too much .
[ Sunday ]
I 'm very very hangover this morning .
I got a very very bad hangover this morning .
I did n't move for after noon . . .
I did n't move till the afternoon . . .
I went to pray with my friend at Shinjyuku .
This pray is very underground pray .
This pray was deep underground . ( ? )
I spend very happy time .

After I worked , I went to a shopping mall .
I found a nice dress there , and it was not expensive .
I almost took it to the check - out counter .
I almost took it to the check - out counter ,
But I thought about books .
but I thought about books .
This dress cost twices as much as
This dress costs twice as much as
books that I want to buy .
I turned around , and put it back .
I turned around , and put it back .
Shopping mall is filled with so much temptation .
The shopping mall is filled with so much temptation .
It 's hard to resist .
I think that what shopping is for me is the same as what
I think that what shopping for me is the same as what
sports or games is for my husband .
It could make me happy and excited , but I have to be careful .
Ummm . . .
Today , nothing happened .
It seems to be a boring entry .

Egypt 's Coptic Christians mark Christmas in fear
I 'm so sad to see Rose 's blog .
A week ago , in the parish Church of the Two Saints , a suicide bomb killed 23 worshippers coming out of midnight mass .
A week ago , in the parish Church of the Two Saints , a suicide bomber killed 23 worshippers coming out of midnight mass .
I have n't heard about the news on TV in Japan .
I learned a little about Egypt at Geography class .
I learned a little about Egypt in geography class .
I hope the world peace .

Could you please proofread my sentence ?
I am writing project proposal as an assignment for my writing class .
I am writing a project proposal as an assignment for our writing class .
Could you please check my sentence ?
Can you please check my sentence ?
Title : Updating job descriptions and reclassifications in the Sales Department
One of the major goal : To provide new titles and offer reasonable salary adjustments for the employees .
One of the major goals : To provide new titles and offer reasonable salary adjustments for the employees .
The most logical solution is to offer new titles and salary raise for staff members .
The most logical solution is to offer new title and salary increase for staff members .
Moreover , Adam Smith , Mary Lee , Joe Moore and I also contributed development of cat food sales by intensive information activities , so we will be able to get new titles and raises .
Moreover , Adam Smith , Mary Lee , Joe Moore and I also contributed development of cat food sales by intensive information activities , so we will be able to get new titles and possible increases .
Thank you !

Earthquake in JAPAN March 11 2011
Now JAPAN fall into serious crisis ! !
Now JAPAN falls into serious crisis ! !
I am no problem because I live in Nara .
I have no problems because I live in Nara .
But my grandfather live in Fukushima .
But my grandfather lives in Fukushima .
Fukushima is very near the center of the earthquake ! !
Fukushima is very close to the center of the earthquake ! !
I have no way to contact him . . .
I only keep researching the information of this area .
I only keep researching the information about this area .

Nice to meet you !
My name is takako .
This is my first writing .
This is my first time writing ( on this site ) .
This is my first journal .
I have n't been to abroad .
I have n't been abroad .
I have n't travelled abroad .
But I want to travel various countries .
But I want to travel to various countries .
But I want to travel to various countries .
Especialy I want to go to Germany !
Especially to Germany !
I want to go to Germany especially !
I especially want to go to Germany !
But in Japan to have English skill is more important for job hunting . . .
But in Japan having English skills is more important for job hunting . . .
But in Japan , having English speaking skills is more important for getting a job . . .
So I 'd like to brush up my English and German skill .
So I 'd like to brush up my English and German speaking skills .
So I 'd like to brush up my English and German
I 'm a second - year collage student in Tokyo .
I 'm a second - year college student in Tokyo .
I 'm a second - year college student in Tokyo .
I take the Garman class .
I 'm taking the German class .
I take German and I study various countries ' cultures .
And I study cultures of various countries .
I love music so I 'm interested in ethnic music .
I love music , so I 'm interested in ethnic music .
I belong to two music band clubs .
One is the rock band clubs .
One is the rock band club .
I play the keyboard and take the Tokyo - Jihen - copy band .
The other is the jazz band clubs .
The other is the jazz band club .
The other is the jazz band club .
I play soprano and alto sax .
I play the soprano and alto sax .
I sing soprano and play the alto sax .
My English is not good enough yet , but I would like to be a friend of yours .
Feel free to send me comments anytime .

Composition of my dog
I had behaved badly to her .
I had behaved badly towards her .
It was regretted . .
I regretted
the idea later . . .
it later on . . .
Still , when I get home , she makes gladly , and when I am sitting on living , comes near .
Yet still , when I arrive home , she appears glad , and when I am sitting in the living room , comes close to me .
I love her , too .
I will do her so many things which she is pleased while she is energetic .

( ^ _ ^ ) v
I saw movie yesterday .
I saw a movie yesterday .
It was sex and the ctiy2 .
Usually I have to pay 1800yen for a moive but yesterday was 1000yen .
Usually I have to pay 1800yen for a moive but yesterday it was 1000yen .

I bought some novels today .
this novels were too interesting , I spent a day .
ahhh , I missed it X (
I intended to have wanted to do anything !
but reading the novel is fun XD haha
Reading the novels is fun though . XD haha

one of ugly women
a ugly women
What keep up a beautiful looking is women 's eternal dream , from I heard .
How to keep a beautiful appearance is the eternal dream of women .
I heard that what maintains a beautiful appearance is a woman 's eternal dream .
But who is eager to get only the surface of beauty is the ugliest person in the world , isn ' it ?
But the one who pursue only the outer beauty is the ugliest person in the world , isn ' he ?

look back the life in the US
Looking back at my life in the US
As I looked back on my life in the US , there are so many things which gave me shocked . , in other words , the cultural shocks .
As I look back on my life in the US , there are so many things which gave me a shock . In other words , cultural shocks .
As I looked back on my life in the US , there are so many things that shocked me ; in other words , the cultural shocks .
At the first days I got to the US , I met people having sex in the bathroom .
In the first days I got to the US , I found some people having sex in the bathroom .
During my first few days in the US , I found people having sex in the bathroom .
I 've also met three gay people kissing at the same time at a party .
I also met three gay people kissing at the same time at a party .
Of course , the fact that most people habitually smoke weed is also surprising for me .
Of course , the fact that most people habitually smoke weed is also surprising to me .
Other than them , crazy drinking of college students , and people who always keep the door open when someone is coming following them are also some of those .
Other than those , the crazy drinking of college students , and people who always keep their door open even when someone is following them were also shocking .
Other than that , the crazy drinking of college students , and people who always keep the door open when someone is coming behind them are also kind of shocking .
Although those cultural differences are totally new for me and sometimes scared me , I 've always been trying to adapt to the culture of US .
Although those cultural differences are totally new for me and sometimes scared me , I 've kept trying to adapt to the culture of the US .
Although those cultural differences are totally new for me and sometimes scared me , I 've always tried to adapt to the culture of the US .
After that , I could find that I like this culture , and I 'm more like an American .
After that , I found that I like this culture , and I 'm more like an American .
After that , I found that I like this culture , and I 'm more like an American .
So far , my life in the US is going well , but when it comes to mentioning about my English , I still never be satisfied with mine .
So far , my life in the US is going well , but when it comes to my English , I 'm still not satisfied with it .
So far , my life in the US is going well , but when it comes to my English , I 'm still never satisfied with myself .
To know more about people or the culture , I 'll try more .
I 'll keep trying to find out more about the people and the culture .
I 'll keep trying to know more about people and US culture .

The Third Day : Traffic Jam in Dubrovnik
This is about my trip to Croatia and Slovenia from 2 Aug . to 13 Aug .
We had to transfer to Split from Dubrovnik .
The owner of our accommodation made the reservation of the tickets for us and called a taxi for us to go to the bus station .
But we almost got delayed the timetable because we had a traffic control and there were many one way roads .
But we almost got delayed following the timetable because we could n't control the traffic and there were many one way roads .
Fortunately we were there on time because of good drive .
Fortunately we were there on time because of good driving .
But the bus to Split came to the bus station 30 minutes later .
During the trip , some long - distance buses made us tired . : (

I do a double major in business and chinese .
I do a double major in Business and Chinese .
The reason I study a duble major was because I could see the world was a heading global economy and society .
The reason I have a double major was because I could see the world was heading towards a global economy and society .
My minor is Tourism .
I wanna get lots of various experience from people of different culture .
I wanna get lots of various experiences from people of different culture .
That 's why I study Tourism .

He got the green light .
My son and I visited our family doctor to have his body checked this morning .
Ever since he got chicken pox , he 's stayed at home .
Although he is n't in a bad mood , he seems to have too much energy to stay . . . ^ ^ ;
As his pimples are getting clean , I expected the doctor would give his the green light to go to kindergarten .
As his pimples are clearing up , I expected the doctor would give his green light to go to kindergarten .
He was so glad to hear that and asked me to send text messages to his close friends ' moms . lol As you can imagine , he wanted to inform his friends he would go to kindergarten tomorrow . ^ ^ ;
Well , my voice is also getting well little by little , so I 'll get down to the preparation for my English lesson for adults , which will be held this Friday . : D

I 'm in Okinawa now .
It 's my hometown .
Do you know Okinawa ?
It is located in the south of the Japan and it is made up of a lot of tiny islands .
It is located in the southern part of Japan , and it is made up of a lot of tiny islands .
Also , Okinawa is famous in that it has many basements .
Also , Okinawa is famous in that it has many basements .

The balloon got stuck around my house .
Because yesterday is my younger brother birthday .
because yesterday was my younger brother 's birthday .

Obama vs McCain
I wish I could say writing something in English is a no - brainer .
I think even Japanese people are interested in the presidential election in the U .
At present , it 's hard to predict which candidate will win eventually .
Personally , I 'm rooting for Obama .
If he wins , he will be the first African - American to become the U .
S . president .
After all , I 'm Japanese and do n't understand racial problems or whatever .
I think if he / she is a capable politician , why bother ?
In the U .
S . , young and ambitious people can realize American dreams .
Well , there must be a number of factors in the political world and I ca n't precisely point out which one is better as the next leader .
After the 9 / 11 , America seems to be losing its power internationally .
After 9 / 11 , America seems to be losing its power internationally .
Instead , China and Russia are rapidly increasing their presence .
It 's not a favorable situation , if anything .
And how about Japan ?
Awash in too many potatoes , it seems like everything deteriorates year after year in this country .
We can expect next to nothing from Japanese politicians . . .
All we can do is turn a blind eye and have optimistic view , maybe .
All we can do is turn a blind eye and have an optimistic view , maybe .

Diary 2010 . 12 . 29 ( 1 )
I waked up at 7 AM this morning .
I woke up at 7 AM this morning .
It 's a beautiful morning glow .
There is a beautiful morning glow .
It 's cold outside .
But I feel a warmth , a power and an energy from the sun .
But I feel warmth , power and energy from the sun .
I have to go to work today .
When I saw a this morning scene , I thought all of things go to smoothly today .
When I saw this morning scene , I thought all things will go smoothly today .

I bought a desk !
After school , I went to the centre library in ilac with my sister .
After school , I went to the Centre library in Ilac with my sister .
And I studied for about 2 hours and then I went to home .
( And ) I studied for about 2 hours and then I went to home .
When I and My sister cooked a steak , Michael who is landlord to my house asked us , `` Did you buy a desk ? `` we have n't bought a desk yet until that time .
When my sister and I were cooking a steak , Michael who is the landlord to my house asked us , `` Did you buy a desk ? `` But at that time we did n't buy a desk yet .
So , We went to the IKEA to buy a desk with Michael after we had a dinner .
So , we went to IKEA to buy a desk with Michael after we had dinner .
It took for 10 minutes by the car .
It took 10 minutes by car .
The IKEA was very big and there were many things such as desk , pillow , duvet .
IKEA was very big and there were many things such as desks , pillows and duvets .
we bought two laptop table , red and black .
We bought two laptop tables , red and black .
The black one is mine .
The red one is my sister 's .
The laptop table is very useful !
Because I can control height and angle .
It 's about 40 Euro that is reasonable price .
It 's about 40 Euro , a reasonable price .
Anyway , I bought a desk today .
Anyway ( s ) , I bought a desk today .
It 's a little small , but It 's enought for me .
It 's a little small , but it 's enough for me .
So , I 'll study hard with the desk . : )

I 'm gon na shanghai world international exposition next month !
I 'm going shanghai world international exposition next month !
I 'm working at mobile phone carrier in Japan , like T - mobile in USA .
I 'm working at mobile phone carrier in Japan , like T - mobile in USA .
Our partner who is network vendor in China invites us to show their mobile solution .
They are sponsor for Shanghai world international exposition , and provide hight speed mobile network there .
They are sponsors for Shanghai world international exposition , and provide high speed mobile network there .
This is my first time to visit in China , I looking forward to do .
This is my first time to visit in China , I look forward to it .

people here do n't seem to be used to chatting on Skype
In fact , I would look for a friend who likes using Skype and MSN , and usually chats on Skype , I hope to chat with him / her on Skype to improve my oral english , and I will teach him / her Putonghua , I can speak standard Putonghua , if I can find a friend like this , we can make a concret plan to help each other , if he / she wants , except teaching chinese I also can tell her / him what he / she wants to know about China .
In fact , I would like to look for a friend who likes using Skype and MSN and usually chats on Skype . I hope to chat with him / her on Skype to improve my oral English , and I will teach him / her Putonghua . I can speak standard Putonghua . If I can find a friend like this , we can make a concrete plan to help each other . If he / she wants , except teaching Chinese , I also can tell her / him what he / she wants to know about China .
why I am so eager to improve my oral english ?
Why am I so eager to improve my oral English ?
because I will be on a bussiness trip to Chicago .
That 's because I will be on a bussiness trip to Chicago .
I hope I will communicate with the natives effectively .
I hope I will be able to communicate with the natives effectively .
so anybody who wants to learn Putonhua and would help me , contact me , thanks , I am on the line all the time .
So , anybody who wants to learn Putonghua and will help me , contact me . Thanks . I am online all the time .

New comer
Ohhhh ~ ~ So great to know here : )
Ohhhh ~ ~ It 's so great to know about this place : )
Hope I can keep up learning no matter English or French . . .
Hope I can keep up learning , no matter whether in English or French . . .
I 'm now a sales representative who just graduated from university and plan to study abroad 2 years later .
I 'm now a sales representative who just graduated from university and plan to study abroad 2 years from now .
Anyway ~ enjoy and thank you !
Anyway ~ enjoy and thank you !

The Crow and the Old couple 2
I had forgotten the rest of the story , so I asked my grandmother but she remembered less than I did : P .
Fortunately my dad had n't forgotten it .
I did another sketch for this part , this time with watercolor .
- - - - -
The next day the old couple went to the crow 's mountain and called for him .
The crow appeared soon and gave them a large pot , then he explained : `` If you turn your ladle to the right side in the pot , it will give you Polo [ 1 ] and if you turn it to the left side , the pot will give you stew [ 2 ] .
The crow appeared soon and gave them a large pot , then he explained : `` If you turn your ladle to the right side in the pot , it will give you polo [ 1 ] and if you turn it to the left side , the pot will give you stew [ 2 ] .
The old couple happily took the pot home , they invited all their neighbors and relatives for dinner and they fed them all .
The old couple happily took the pot home . They invited all their neighbors and relatives for dinner and they fed them all .
One of the neighbors who was surprised how such a poor family could give such an expensive feast , asked the old lady about it and she told her the secret .
Some days after that the jealous neighbor requested for the pot saying that they had some guest that night , the simple - hearted old woman handed the pot to him , but he never gave it back .
Some days after that the jealous neighbor requested the pot , saying that they had some guests that night . The simple - hearted old woman handed the pot to him , but he never gave it back .
The couple went to the crow for solutions .
This time the crow gave them a donkey .
He warned them not to gee the donkey up in front of other people , but he did n't tell the reason why .
In their way back home , the old man could n't stop his own curiosity , and he did just what he should n't have done : he geed the donkey .
The donkey excreted , in his surprise instead of dung * there were a lot of coins on the floor !
Unfortunately the village 's Khan 's servants witnessed the happening and took the donkey by force as a khan belonging .
Unfortunately the village 's Khan 's servants witnessed what happened and took the donkey by force as the Khan 's property .
The couple were so unhappy for losing the crow 's gift , so they decided to try the crow once more .
The couple were so unhappy about losing the crow 's gift , they decided to try the crow once more .
Again they went to the mountain and as always the crow appeared just as they called him .
The crow decided to end their problems once and for all , so he gave them something different this time . . . .
= = = = = = = = = = = =
[ 1 ] URL
[ 2 ] URL
* I 'm sorry if that 's impolite , but I did n't want to change the original story . you know in the past people used donkey 's and cow 's dung as fuel , fertilizer and believe it or not female donkey 's dung is a cure for chickenpox and earache , so it already was a treasure !
Nothing was thrown away as trash in the past !

Ear Infection
`` You feel so hopeless .
You ca n't help them and they 're so miserable .
It makes you want to sit there and cry , `` she said .
Today , I read one article about many U .
Today , I read one article about how , many U .
children are suffering from ear infection recently in USA TODAY .
children are suffering from ear infections recently , in USA TODAY .
I was so sad that they are suffering from the decease .
I was so sad that they are suffering from the disease .
And also , there are no effective treatment against the decease .
Also , there are no effective treatments against the disease .
I hope this situation will change better for the children .
I hope this situation will change for the benifit of our children .

My SENPAI
Today , I drunk with my previous colleague who is 4 years older than me and discussed about many things .
He was so disappointed to his current circumstance that had been bothering him .
He was so disappointed with his current circumstances that have been bothering him .
I could n't do anything but only hear his complaint .
I could n't do anything but hear his complaint .
But I 'm really grateful if I could heal his sadness .
But I would be really grateful if I could heal his sadness .
There would be good things and also bad things in our business life .
There are good things and also bad things in our business life .
We ca n't be always in nice situation .
We ca n't be always in nice situations .
I think that the important thing to break the difficulties is keeping your mind positive whatever the circumstance is .
I think that the most important thing to have to deal with these hardships is to keep a positive mind whatever the circumstance is .
I wish the best of luck to him .

I saw news about Slutwalk in USA and Canada .
I saw the news today about a `` Slutwalk `` that 's happening in the USA and Canada .
The women who was told ' do not walk like a slut ' by police in Canada have been angry and launched campaign .
The women who were told ' do not walk like a slut ' by police in Canada , became angry and launched a ( this ) campaign .
I think the police did it more carefully but they said the true .
I think the police should have worded it more carefully , but they spoke the truth . ? ?
Their behaviors are their choices , but there are n't only gentle men in the world .
How they behave is their choice , but there are n't only gentlemen in the world .
Have you watched the movie ' OLD BOY ' ?
This movie says mainly .
`` Do your behavior carefully . ``
Our choices deserve respect , but we shoulder the responsibility .
Our choices deserve respect , but we should take responsibility for our choices .
Basically I wish the sexual attacks would be gone out , However you know , I do not think it could be .
I just wish sexual attacks would stop , however I do n't think that will happen .

Judas `` lady gaga `` and taxic `` brtney spears ``
`` Judas `` by Lady Gaga and `` Toxic `` by Britney Spears
I listen that music in these days .
I like Lady gaga and britney speas .
I like Lady Gaga and Britney Spears .
Because I think Lady gaga is positive and unprejudiced person and britney is sexy !
Because I think Lady Gaga is positive and an unprejudiced person and Britney is sexy !
Because I think Lady Gaga is a positive and unprejudiced person and Britney is sexy !
But I do n't understand the word .
The one is Judas and the other is Taxic .
One of the songs is Judas and the other is Toxic .
Definitely I translated that words though , but I do n't understand the meanings what they want to say .
Definitely I translated those words , but I do n't understand the meanings . What do they want to say ?
Of course I translated that words , but I do n't understand the meanings of what they want to say .
These days , I ca n't sleep very well .
I usually wake up at 4am .
I do n't know why I ca n't sleep well .
I think I need beer before I go to bed .
This weekend , I have no plans .
So , I want to relax at home .
However I have to go to a super store to buy some food .
I 'm thinking about going skiing someday .
When I was a university student , I was a menber of ski team .
When I was a university student , I was a member of the ski team .
So , I like going skiing .

The end of overdrive
The End of Overdrive
I have finished my last exam , damn , it so wonderful !
I have finished my last exam , damn , it is so wonderful !
It was very hard to do it with least cost .
It was very hard to do it with the least cost .
Well , it looks like that it too tired me and I sitting with bloodshot eyes at the computer and I sleepy because went bed over 5 hours than usual .
Well , it looks like that it tired me out , I 'm sitting with bloodshot eyes at the computer and I 'm sleepy because I went bed over 5 hours later than usual .
Happily I comed in my senses in time .
Happily I came to my senses in time .
Now , this is time to relax and finally have fun !
Now is the time to relax and finally have fun !

Tim horton 's coffee ! !
Do you know Tim horton 's ! ?
I just know it yesterday .
I just found out about it yesterday .
It is Canadian coffee shops .
It is a Canadian coffee shop .
They have a lot of shops than starbacks coffee in Canada !
They have a lot of coffee shops other than Starbacks in Canada !
I tried it today ! !
It is so difficult for me because I had n't know how to buy and say in English . . .
It is so difficult for me because I did n't know how to order in English . . .
Anyway , I should n't hesitate just to buy coffee ! !
Anyway , I should n't hesitate just to buy coffee ! !
so I decided to enter the coffee shop !
So , I decided to enter the coffee shop !
and . . .
I said `` ah - . . .
I said `` Ah - . . .
Large coffee please !
double - double ! ! ``
Double - double ! ! ``
then , `` OK , 1 . 50 dollers ``
. . . . .
I made it ! ! ! haha ~ .
by the way , `` double - double `` means two sugar and two milks ! !
By the way , `` Double - double `` means two sugar and two milks ! !
I was told it by my host family !
I was told about it by my host family !
I am happy as if I am Canadian ! !
I am happy to be like a Canadian ! !
Really exciting ! !
Everything will be my great pleasures !
Everything will be a great pleasure !

My behavior
I met some people in my American friend 's birthday dinner party last evening .
I met some people during my American friend 's birthday dinner party last evening .
I met my friend 's friends , my friend 's cousin , and cousin 's friend .
I met my friend 's friends , my friend 's cousin , and my cousin 's friend .
My friend grew up in NYC .
She is my Japanese friend 's roommate .
We tried to eat Thai food in Brooklyn .
The restaurant was okay .
Foods are okay , price is okay , and okay atmosphere .
The food was okay , price was okay , and the atmosphere was okay .
Anyway , we met up in front of the restaurant , then we greeted each other .
We had a table for 7 and started conversation .
There were four girls and three guys at the table .
The party consisted of five Americans and two Japanese .
That girls talked fast .
The girls talked fast .
I could n't catch up native speaker 's speed .
I could n't catch up with the speed of the native speaker 's speech .
My Japanese friend could catch up it .
My Japanese friend could catch up with it .
She has been living in NYC five years .
I 've been staying here almost three month .
I 've been staying here almost three months .
I think my English is improved .
But I think it is still terrible .
I could n't talk to them .
I spoke only greeting yesterday .
I spoke only some greetings yesterday .
I have to say , it was a chilly greeting .
I 'm usually talkative person , but I was really quiet yesterday .
I 'm usually a talkative person , but I was really quiet yesterday .
I trust my listening skill .
I can understand in English .
I can understand English .
I have to change my mind .
I do n't need talking speed , right ?
Actually , a speed is important for casual conversation .
Actually , speed is important for casual conversation .
But it is not most important thing .
I have to be confident in myself .
I 'm feeling depressed and I regretted my behavior in the party .
How frustrating ! ! !

I still do n't a new job . . .
I still do n't find a new job . . .
So , I 'll go a interview tonight .
But , I 'll go to a interview tonight .
So , I 'll go to an interview tonight .
Tomorrow I 'll go a interview .
and there is an another interview tomorrow .
I 'll resign my office at this month . . .
I 'm in a hurry . . .
I 'm anxious . . .

Kind of English
When I visited to UK 7 years ago , I was n't used to their pronunciations for awhile .
I sure knew the difference of spelling between American English and British English .
I knew there was a difference of spelling between American English and British English .
But then , all people who I talked with there spoke fast , and my understanding for English was too poor , comparing to the present .
But then , all the people who I talked with spoke fast , and my understanding of English was poor , compared to the present .
But then , all people who I talked with there spoke fast , and my understanding of English was too poor , comparing to the present .
( yes , I still have a poor command of English . . . )
( Yes , I still have a poor command of English . . . )
How do most of American people feel about British English ?
How do most American people feel about British English ?
How do most Americans feel about British English ?
Which English do European people learn ?
Which English do European people learn ?
Perhaps , in Japan we study American English .
I think here , in Japan , we study American English .
And generally , the global standard might be put on American English .
And generally , the global standard might be American English .
And generally , the global standard might be American English .
Someone , please tell me , what is the most difference between them ?
Someone , please tell me , what is the biggest difference between them ?
Someone , please tell me , what is most different between the two ?
Maybe , we also speak our own Japanese English . . .
Thanks .

Let 's chat !
Hi ~ everone
Hi ~ everyone
What do you want to do in this summer vacation ?
I have practice playing harmonic for two months .
I have practiced playing the harmonica for two months .
Who can teach me how to improve my skill ?

Golden week and my sister is very busy .
Golden week is a grop of holidays in Japan .
Golden week is a group of holidays in Japan .
Golden week comes end of April .
Golden week comes at the end of April .
Is is a lot of holidays .
So , our company is a little busy .
We make products very hard .
My young sister is very very busy than I .
My younger sister is much more busy than I am .
She is working a lot of every day .
She is working a lot of hours every day .
She always has a lot of over work .
She always has a lot of overtime .
The over work is untill PM 10 : 00 .
The work is n't over until PM 10 : 00 .
Besides nothing day off .
She has no days off .
She ca n't play with her friends .
I am very bigginer .
I am bigginer beginner in english .
I think my dirly need to correct a lot of .
I think my diary needs a lot of correction .
Thank you very much .

My School
I 'm a college student and a sophomore .
Last year we had a classroom for every class .
However , this semester we have to mix classes in a classroom .
However , this semester students from two different groups sometimes have their classes joined and are seated together .
That 's too bad .
Such as today , we will have our class at 8 : 15am , I got there at 8 : 13am .
For example today , we had our class at 8 : 15am . ( Dot here , not comma ) . I got there at 8 : 13am .
Oh , my god ! There are full of people in our classroom .
Oh , my god ! It was full of people in our classroom .
Fortunately , my friend had left a seat for me .
Fortunately , my friend reserved a seat for me .
So I think I should be earlyer than before in my rest semester .
So I think I should be earlier than before for the rest of the semester .
Let me tell you something about my school .
Like many Chinese college , my school will turn off the light and Internet at 23 : 00 .
This is the worst for me .
Because I 'm scared of mosquito and hate them .
Because I 'm scared of mosquitos . I hate them .
They always want to bite me .
My friend said because of my blood type .
My friend said that 's because of my blood type .
We will have our classes from 8 : 15 to 12 : oo , and 14 : 40 to 16 : 10 .
We will have our classes from 8 : 15 to 12 : 00 , and 14 : 40 to 16 : 10 .
But this semester I do n't have many classes .
I just have 11 classes every week .
I only have 11 classes per week .
The most class I like is PE , because I can play volleyball .
The class I like most is PE , because I can play volleyball .
The class I like the most is PE , because I can play volleyball there .
Yeah , this is my favourate sport .
Yeah , this is my favorite sport .
If we have class , we must go , because the teacher will cheak .
If we have class , we must go , because the teacher will check .
This is unlike some other country .
This is unlike some other countries .
One of my friend is a Italian , and he can choose if he want to go to school .
One of my friends is an Italian and he can choose if he want to go to school .
wow , so cool !
As well , we could n't take the electrical product except for computer and washing machine .
If the teacher found , they will give you some punishment .
This punishment will make you could n't apply the scholarship .
This punishment will be that you t ca n't apply for the scholarship .
But it 's excited to cook in you dormitory .
But it 's exciting to cook in your dormitory .
Yeah , that is why we still cook . lol . . .
Ok , this are some of my school .
Ok , that 's some of my school .
Thank you for your reading .

I 'm really happy to join in .
I 'm really happy to join
I 'm 2yoshi .

Last night , I went to bed at 9 : 00pm .
That was so early like a child .
That was so early , like the time a child would go to bed .
I want to introduce about my dogs today .
I have 3 dogs .
Everybody say ' so many !
Everybody says that is so many !
' and I think so too .
They are all girl and small dog .
They are all girls and also small dogs .
Shih - Tzu and miniature Dax and Cabaria .
Their relations are very good .
Their relationship with each other is very good .
I am so lucky .
They are very obedient and lovely and cute !
I think them real my children .
I think they are just like my real children .
is it funny ?

somebody stop me
I should go to bed now ,
I should go to bed now
I should go to bed now .
cuz I have class tomorrow 9am .
because I have class tomorrow at 9am
I have class tomorrow at 9 am .
but I ca n't stop myself from TV series ,
but I ca n't stop myself from watching a TV series .
but I ca n't stop myself from watching TV ,
I found a new TV series named Ghost Whisper ,
I have found a new TV series named Ghost Whisper .
I found a new TV series called Ghost Whisper ,
I start from Season four ,
I started from Season four
I started it at Season Four ,
but I think I can figure out the story .
but I think I can figure out the story .
it 's about a woman who can see ghosts and talk to them !
It 's about a woman who can see ghosts and talk to them !
It 's about a woman who can see ghosts and talk to them !
it 's really cool thought ,
it 's really cool though
It 's really cool idea ,
but I rather be a normal person who CAN ' T see those ghost .
but I 'd rather be a normal person who CAN ' T see those ghosts .
but I 'd rather be a normal person who CAN ' T see ghosts .
if I can see ghost ,
if I could see a ghost ,
If I could see ghosts ,
I wish I could meet my godmother ,
I would meet my godmother .
she passed away two years ago cuz some strange problem about heart
she passed away two years ago because of some strange problems with her heart
She passed away two years ago because of some strange problem with her heart
it happened in a sudden ,
it happened all of a sudden ,
It happened all of a sudden ,
I have so many things want to say to her ,
I have so many things I want to say to her ,
I have so many things I want to say to her ,
I wanna tell how much I love her ,
I wanna tell her how much I love her ,
and how much I appreciate to her ,
and how much I appreciate her ,
and how much I appreciate her .
also I wish I could meet my dog ,
also I wish I could see my dog ,
I also wish I could meet my dog ,
it 's the most cute and kind dog I ever met ,
it was the most cute and kind dog I ever met ,
It was the cutest and kindest dog I ever met .
I miss it , I miss them both .
I miss it . I miss them both .
I miss it . I miss them both .
but no matter how ,
No matter .
I think I should go to sleep !
I think I should go to sleep !

Earthquake
I know that Japan is prone to earthquakes .
But I was surprised when I suffered a lower 5 quake on the Japanese earthquake scale .
I felt the terrible quake in the train yesterday .
I thought `` Is the train out of track ? `` .
I was kept in the train about more than one hour .
All the train of Tokyo metropolitan area was completely stopped .
All the train in Tokyo metropolitan area was completely stopped ( or halted ) .
I was dicited to walk to home , about 20km , and did it .
I was uncertain if I wanted to walk home as it was about 20km away , but I did it .
It was midnight when I reached my home .
I am still tired .
During working , cell - phone did n't work due to the telecom cable was cut by quake .
At work , my cell phone did n't work as the telecommunications cables were destroyed by the quake .
What is worse is that the busses were too crowded to ride , and taxies were also .
What is worse is that the buses were too crowded to ride and there were lack of taxies ( ? ) .
The lane was unbelievable long .
After I was home , I knew it was more serious at north east of Japana .
After I reached home , I knew the situation was much more serious in north east of Japan .

Learn Learn and Learn
I have a holiday yesterday because it 's a Chakri Day .
Chakri Day is one of the thai holiday .
Today I feel a little bit tiring because of yesterday is a holiday and I want more holiday XD ( Lazy Boy ! ! )
If you wonder `` What is the Chakri Day ? `` you can go to read at this link > > URL
Now I 'm studying at the faculty of Information and Communication Technology ( ICT ) at Mahidol University , as a Freshy .
But I 'm not studying yet .
I 'm just taking an Intensive Course ( It 's a preparation program before studying ) .
This faculty is an international program so I have to learn every subject in English .
That 's making more difficult for me because I 've never learnt Science or Calculus in English before .
That 's why I 'm here , to improve my English skill and to survive a university life .
That 's why I 'm here , to improve my English skills and to survive university life .
I hope this site would help me to improve my English skill : )
If you read this journal and you want to learn Thai languange and you 're playing Twitter .
You can follow me at URL Almost of tweet in my account is thai .
You can learn Thai language in everyday life in my twitter account , and you have a question .
You can learn Thai language in everyday life in my twitter account , and if you have a question ,
You can mention to ask me to explain or describe my Thai sentences to English .
See you all : )

Friendship
Friendship is like the breeze
You ca n't hold it .
small it . taste it .
Or know when it ' scoming . but you can always feel it .
And you 'll always know it 's there .
It may come and then go .
but you can know it 'll always be back .

I ca n't pass the entrance exam ( the university I want to enter the best ) .
I ca n't pass the entrance exam ( the university I want to enter the most ) .
I am very sad . . .

spare time
How do you spend your spare time ?
In my spare time , I 'd like to try to relax myself .
In my spare time , I like to try to relax .
Such as reading some wonderful novels or watching a lot of movies with drink a tea .
Such as reading some wonderful novels , or watching a lot of movies with a cup of tea .
Such as reading some wonderful novels or watching a lot of movies while drinking tea .
bungee jumping is a great pastime , because I like the feeling it brings to me ! I feel thoroughly relaxed from the daily stress .
bungee jumping is a great pastime , because I like the feeling it brings to me ! I feel thoroughly relaxed from daily stress .
Bungee jumping is a great pastime because I like the feeling it brings to me ! I feel thoroughly relaxed from daily stress .
In my world , there are good way to spendmy spare time ^ 0 ^
In my world , there are good ways to spend my spare time ^ 0 ^
In my world , these are good ways to spend my spare time ^ 0 ^

l have not seen you a long time . About skype
Today I connected it with the Skype .
Please tell me The person who uses skype .
I look forward to do skype .
I look forward to using it more often .
If possible I welcome The person who studies Japanese .

I need to do physical exercise .
I 've not been feeling well since I came back from a trip to England on Monday .
This was my first joining in a sightseeing tour abroad .
This was my first time joining a sightseeing tour abroad .
I did n't know it was such a hard schedule , at least for me .
I joined it with my three friends .
They are also tired , but not so much as I .
I seem to have less energy than they .
I seem to have less energy than they do .
The eldest one of them is the strongest .
She said she does physical exercise regularly .
I feel I need to do it myself .

The book can serve you as a window into the fable .
However , you ca n't deny how cruel the real world is .
However , you ca n't deny how cruel the real world is .
Life is neither easy nor hard .
Sometimes I am amazed at how wonderful the world is and some times I find the world is hopeless .
You see , so many people are occupying themselves in their work .
Most of them do n't know how to experience the wonderful world and they live a boring life .
I do n't know if I will become one of them .
All I can do is keeping me on the right way and trying to be happy all the time .
All I can do is keep myself on the right path and try to be happy at all times .

TOEIC TEST
The other day I tried TOEIC Test .
The other day I tried taking a TOEIC Test .
This is my first challenge .
So I could n't finish all of it .
My Score was 510 . . .
I should study hard .
My objective is 900 .
It 's so far . . .
My goal will take a long time to achieve . . .

Please fix my essay
If you could change one important thing about your hometown ,
what would you change ?
Use reasons and specific examples to
support your answer .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
I would change that the youth who live in the town were more
interested in the town because most of them are eager to move
to a bigger town .
Some of the youth are bored of the town
because there are no fashionable shops and gorgeous restaurants , but
a lot of rice fields .
A large number of the young people move to the city , which
provides the town serious problems .
causes the town serious problems .
For example , the age of
labors will be older .
laborers will be older .
The town already has the number of the
The town already has a large number of
old , the population of the supporting the old will be decreased
old people , and the population supporting the old will be decreased
due to so many young people moving out of the town .
If they were more conscious of the town , the town could be improved .
If they attended local activities such as summer festivals more , I
am sure they would appreciate their own hometown more .
I think they
only focus on the surface of the town such as fashionable shops and
gorgeous restaurants .
Every town has good and bad points .
can not find out the good points the town has in the city easily and
they see the city bad points .
In conclusion , I do not want to force anyone to have interest in the
town , if they really do not like it .
But I wish they would see the town
from more than just one angle and learn to appreciate the things the big
cities do not have , its attractive events , unique food and such .

Noncalorie Beer
I like a beer .
I will put on fat if I drink it everyday .
So , I drink Noncalorie Beer .
Recent Noncalorie Beer is very tasty .

My first post
wow , this is my first post and I still do n't have any idea what to write about .
wow , this is my first post and I still do n't have any idea what to write about .
I am learning in English and Japanese now and I hope everyone in this website can help me to improve .
I am learning English and Japanese now and I hope everyone in this website can help me to improve them .
thank you : )

I weeded my small yard with my wife last Sunday .
The yard was overrun with weeds .
It was difficult to uproot weeds .
It was difficult to uproot these .
And then we enjoyed a barbecue in the yard .

Canadian New Year
I have experienced Canadian New Year for the first time .
I have experienced a Canadian New Year for the first time .
I prefer Canadian New Year to Japanese one .
I prefer a Canadian New Year celebration to a Japanese one .
I prefer Canadian New Year 's celebrations to those in Japan .
Because the dinner is very gorgeous and yummy ! !
Because the dinner was very gorgeous and yummy ! !
I do n't like Japanese traditional dishes at New Year .
I do n't like traditional Japanese New Year dishes .
It exactly looks gorgeous but taste is not good and it is out of my liking .
I mean , salt in low , fat in low . . .
I mean , low in salt , low in fat . . .
The only thing I like in all is Japanese rice cake .
The only thing I like in all are Japanese rice cakes .
The only thing I like out of it all is the Japanese rice cakes .
That 's it !
On the other hand , today we had a lot of feasts full of the table .
On the other hand , today we had a lot of feasts that filled the table .
On the other hand , today we had a feast that filled the table .
A roast beef , a mush potato , pine nuts roll ( this is that stuffings which consists of pine nuts , flour , meats and so on is rolled into pie seat or something ) and dessert with eggknock ( this is a kind of drinks .
Roast beef , mashed potatoes , pine nuts roll ( this is that stuffings which consists of pine nuts , flour , meat and so on is rolled into pie sheet or something ) and dessert with eggnog ( this is a kind of drink .
Milk , eggs , sugar are mixed together .
Milk , eggs and sugar are mixed together .
Many Canadian like this .
Many Canadians like this .
But I prefer just milk . )
We enjoyed talking as we have a dinner .
While that , I told about how we celebrate New Year in Japan .
While having dinner , I explained how we celebrate the New Year in Japan .
The meanings of each dish , New year 's gift and so on .
The meanings of each dish , New Year 's gifts and so on .
They do n't have a custom like New Year 's gift .
They do n't have customs like New Year 's gifts .
That 's what I like about Japanese New Year .
That 's what I like about the Japanese way of celebrating the New Year .

My Son 's Graduation Ceremony
My son 's graduation ceremony of his nursery school is going to be held next Saturday .
I feel it was really soon from his birth to today .
I may start to cry at the ceremony .

A story 1 - 1
There is a seventeen years old girl .
I would like to introduce a seventeen year old girl .
She is called Mio .
Her name is Mio .
Her charm point is brown hair like blonde .
One day , the girl has a chance to visit the northern country .
One day , the girl had an opportunity to visit the northern country .
The purpose of her trip is sightseeing .
In the northern country , there is a university in a forest .
She love the atmosphere , so she stroll through the forest every morning during staying .
She loves the atmosphere , so she strolls through the forest every morning during her stay .
She is usual strolling the campus in the morning .
She usually strolls leisurely about the campus in the morning .
When she stop and breath deeply , a man riding a bike call her .
`` You came yesterday , did you ?
I remember you . ``
It is how it all started .
This is how it all started .

It has been raining for many days in shanghai .
The air is very humid and make people feel uncomfortable .
This weather be called plum rains season .
This weather is called plum rains season .
I hope it would clear up as soon as possible , do n't interrupt my trip .
I hope it would clear up as soon as possible , do n't interrupt my trip .

I met friends who are going to travel europe with
I met the people who will travel to Europe with me
I met friends who are going to travel europe with .
I met the people who are going to travel to Europe with me .
I first met them .
but it was not awkward .
we just looking forward to going to europe .
We were just looking forward to going to Europe .

I love Lotus .
Hello friend while I was stay at my hometown Uthaitani city .
I went to see the big plant .
I went to see some big plants .
There were a lot of Lotus folwers .
There were a lot of Lotus flowers .
I went there with my ant and a litle girl .
I went there with my aunt and a litle girl .
We walked pass the rice field and pass mongo tree and keep it then we went to see a beautiful Lotus not far from there .
We walked pass the rice field and past the mango tree and then we went to see a beautiful Lotus not far from there .
I had fun and really surpristed because my friend who called me .
I had fun and was really surprised because of my friend who called me .
In that place no signal telephone and no money on my phone so I did not repled recently then when my parent took me the city I had refilled my money and sent the message back to her .
In that place there 's no telephone signal and no money on my phone so I did not reply recently , but then when my parents took me the city I had refilled my money and sent the message back to her .
I am really happy . .
she told me someone from Japanese was thinking of me too .
she told me someone from Japan was thinking of me too .
who is my closed friend I am thinking of her too while I was not in Bankok
who is my close friend I am thinking of her too while I was not in Bangkok
I am hungry would like to eat something . .
I am hungry and I would like to eat something . .
take care all my friends
Hey friend do you think my new avator is look lazy ?
Hey friends do you think my new avatar looks lazy ?
yehh I seem that haha . .
yehh I see that haha . .
nice nice I would add the video to you but youtube did not work lol . .
so just some picture and in Bangkok is okay now do n't worrid I think every thing is going to be better . .
so just some picture and in Bangkok is okay now do n't get worried I think every thing is going to be better . .
thanks for all you care . .
nice nice

Add Auto Save Draft
Add Auto Save Draft
Dear Lang - 8 users ,
Dear Lang - 8 users ,
Thank you for using our service .
Thank you for using our service .
I 'm Kazuki .
I 'm Kazuki .
One of the major complaints we 've heard from our users is like `` I spent the whole time to write an entry looking up every other word in a dictionary and accidently lost everything , had to begin again . . . ``
One of the major complaints we 've heard from our users is that , `` I spent the whole time to write an entry looking up every other word in the dictionary , and accidently lost everything , and had to begin again . ``
To prevent such a tragedy , tonight we implemented Auto Save Draft feature .
To prevent such incident to happen , tonight we implement the Auto Save Draft feature .
This works like GMail draft save feature .
This works like Gmail `` draft save `` feature .
It 's been autosaved in every 30 seconds after you start typing .
It will autosave your documents every 30 seconds after you begin typing .
If you want to save manually just click `` Save as Draft `` button .
If you want to manually save your document just click the `` Save as Draft `` button .
The computer goes down ?
If the computer automatically shuts down ,
Log back into `` Write a new entry `` page and choose the entry you were writing from `` Drafts `` corner in the left column ( which I pointed out in the image attached this entry ) .
Log back on the `` Write a new entry `` page and choose the entry from the `` Drafts `` corner on the left column , which I pointed out in the image attached on this entry .
I hope , from now on , our users feel much relieved to spend lots of time in writing entries : )
I hope , from now on , our users will be more encouraged to spend more time writing new entries .
Lang - 8 staff
Lang - 8 staff

The TOEIC test
I will take the TOEIC test next Friday .
It takes 150 minutes consisting of the listening test and the reading test .
It takes about 150 minutes consisting of listening and reading sections .
It takes about 150 minutes and it consists of a listening and a reading section .
It takes 150 minutes and consists of the listening test and the reading test .
It has many questions .
We need to keep concentrating during its long testing time .
We have to keep concentrating throughout this time .
I have been studying a bit hard for it .
I have been studying hard for it .
I have been studying hard for it .
This is my fourth test .
Do you mean , `` This is my fourth time taking this exam `` ?
This is my fourth ( time taking this ) test .
I will do my best in order to get a high score on the exam .
I will do my best , in order to get a high score on the exam .

The first three days of the new year
The First Three Days of the New Year
Today is the first day of work this year .
The first three days of the new year has passed so quickly .
Yesterday I went to the gallery and see the picture of Yuji Teduka with my friend .
This is his website .
When I saw his picture , I felt like the time stop .
When I saw his pictures , I felt like time stopped .
My friend said `` his works are wonderful .
My friend said , `` His works are wonderful .
I like his picture . ``
I like his pictures . ``
I could Relax and refresh for this New Year .
I was able to relax and feel refreshed at the start of the New Year .

I 'm making to write the words of a song .
I 'm writingthe words of a song .
I 'm writingthe words of a song .
I 've never been there .
Your hand is still tied .
How can I say to you ?
How can I tell you ?
How can I tell you ?
I 'll never know the reason for our existing .
I 'll never know the reason for our existence .
I 'll never know the reason for our existence .
As you say it 's nothing all .
But nothing will come ( out ) of nothing .
My mind is n't understood in your sphere .
I ca n't understand your thought .
I 'm going to go where ?
I thought all is caused by the fate .

Rainy Season
It 's rainy season at June in Japan .
June is Japan 's rain season .
There is a bad weather all day ,
The weather is bad the entire day .
There is a suddenly becoming bad weather too .
On last sunday ,
I was running around home because it was fine weather .
But while running , the strong rain suddenly came falling ,
But while running , it started to rain .
then I got thoroughly soaked !
Although I did n't have a cold , I encountered in a bad situation .
At least I did n't catch a cold , but still it was terrible .
Although I did n't catch a cold , it was not a very pleasant experience .
I hope the rainy season will end early !
I hope the rain season will end early !

Yesterday
Yesterday my friends and I went to school , and got an English speaking class .
Yesterday my friends and I went to school , and had an English speaking lesson .
We 've graduated from high school ( Feb . 8 was graduation ceremony ) in fact .
We graduated from high school ( Feb . 8 was graduation ceremony ) in fact ,
But we asked a teacher to make an English speaking class even after the ceremony .
, but we asked a teacher to give usan English speaking class even after the ceremony .
He said it 's ok .
The teacher , Mr .
Ando , is the best English teacher in my school I think .
His explanation is so good that everybody can understand difficult English structures and get how to read English in better way .
The class was very interesting to us .
The class was very interesting to us ,
Especially `` The Guessing Game `` was so ! !
especially `` The Guessing Game ! ! ``
The game is to answer what is wrote on the paper that is above answerer 's head .
The point of the game is to answer what is writtenon the paper that is above answerer 's head .
Another people give a hint to the answerer .
Another person givesa hint to the answerer .
It is difficult to give a hint and answer .
It is difficult to give a hint and answer ,
But we got an exciting ! !
Thanks for your kindness , Mr .
Ando ! !

A Handy Crear Folder Within Textbook ( Brushed up )
A Handy Clear Folder Within Textbook ( Brushed up )
The handy text folder
I am studying Chinese and Hygiene for exam .
Each textbook is too big and heavy .
If I carry all of my text books ,
the walking with my bag will be training for fullfill my ability to carry more weight .
then walking with my bag would be like training to fullfill my ability to carry more weight .
I ca n't get the skill to carry heavyer bag , ,
I do n't have the skill to carry a heavier bag , ,
and I want the remove obstacles for studying .
I copy my text book into falf size and sort out these to each period .
I copied my text book into half size , and sort them out according to each period .
When I come out from my house ,
When I leave my house ,
I pick up the necessary part for one day study .
I pick up the necessary part for the day 's study .
I put these parts into a hurf of typing size clear folder .
I put these parts into a half of typing size clear folder .
( Japanese call this size A5 , typing size is A4 )
I can put this clear folder into all of my bags with a hurf of typing size notebook .
I can put this clear folder into all of my bags with a half of typing size notebook .
So I got the oppotunity to study on every situation .
So I get the oppotunity to study in every situation .
I think it is effective to increase the frequency of study for getting necessary skills .
I think it is effective to increase the frequency of studying to get the necessary skills .
Why do n't you make ubiquious studying environment .
Why do n't you make a ubiquitous studying environment ?

I have not gone out at all when my school has been done . .
I have not gone out at all since my school finished .
I feel that I want to go out or want to see my friends though I do nothing in my home recently .
I feel that I want to go out or want to see my friends , although I 've done nothing in my house recently .
the first reason : I have a lot of H .
The first reason : I have a lot of homework ( ? ) .
W which I have not even start working yet .
Which I have not even start working on yet .
the seconds reason : Need to safe money until I graduate .
The second reason : I need to save money until I graduate .
the third reason : I need to think about myself .
those are three main reasons why I am staying at home .
but telling the truth , it is difficult to forcus on studying all day .
so I do many other things such as internet , clean my room , watchin tv instead of studying ( - _ - )
I need to concentrate what I am doing right now . . .
It was a very along weekend .
Let me tell you what happened during weekend .
Let me tell you what happened during the weekend .
On sunday , I was very busy for preparing to send my students to their country , Korea .
On Sunday , I was very busy preparing to send my students to their country , Korea .
Other teachers and I went to the airport , and we did some works for procedures to enter the airport gate .
Other teachers and I went to the airport , and we did some procedures to enter the airport gate .
But we misssed !
But we missed the airplane !
we missed our areline .
We missed our airline .
How come . . .
We were late 10 minutes .
We were 10 minutes late .
We begged for help but student 's seats
We begged for help but the student 's seats
were replaced by other people .
I had no idea at that time .
Just stood up .
We came back home and waited for vacant seats .
We went back home and waited for vacant seats .
Fortunately , the seats were enough to go all students going back to Korea although It took a quite long time .
Fortunately , there were enough seats for go all students to go back to Korea , although It took a quite long time to get them .
What a good experience ! !
I do n't want to feel like this anymore ~ .
Mango pudding
I 'm so into mango pudding with fresh cream !
The mango pudding which I often purchase consists of four layers , each of a little different color and flavor .
The mango pudding which I often purchase consists of four layers , each a little different in color and flavor .
All the layers are in harmony with into one ! !
All the layers are in harmony with one another ! !
What a sinful this mango pudding is !

Nice to meet you
It 's the first time I visit this site
It 's the first time I have visited this site
I 'm a Korean student ( university )
For a long time , I have studied English .
But I am still afraid of using English
After two month , I have to be interviewed in English to enter a company
In two month , I will be interviewed in English to enter a company
Many time , I only listen and read .
Most of the time , I only listen and read .
I think that the reason why I ca n't speak and write English
I think that is the reason why I ca n't speak and write English
I searched to find a good website to help me study English and finally I found this site
I searched for a good website to help me study English and finally I found this site
I 'll help those who want to study Korean and I need you help
I 'll help those who want to study Korean . I need you help
I really hope to speak English well
s the following sentence is grammatically right ?
Is the following sentence grammatically correct ?
- > This lack of balance in the account for 20000 won
I do n't know what is the verb . . . lack ?
Why is n't it ' lacks ' ?

An Updated Journal
I have been away from here for a long time - at least it seems very long in my mind .
Shame on me .
I 'm a lazy , slow writer .
I just read some new entries by friends .
You 've done very well !
I should 've been consistent like you guys .
Today was terrible .
I had great pain in my abdomen .
Thanks God , after taking a nap , I was fine .
But I missed the conversation with my Japanese friends Sumika and Naomi . ( If you 're reading this , Sumika and Naomi , please accept my sincere apologies . )
I 've been working on two stories - not technically fictional though .
One is about fashion and another about the relationship between father and daughter .
Meanwhile , I 'm practicing academic essay writing skills as well .
I hope I 'll publish new entries soon and again learn from your corrections and comments .
You 've been very helpful for me .
Thanks for everyone who has read my entries and helped me !
Goodbye .

Sentence correct please ~
We are the camera club members .
We are the members of Photography Club .
We will try to joint purchase a new camera , and performance a good one .
We will try to joint - purchase a new camera with good performance .
It 's all good but too expensive .
It 's very good but too expensive .
I think that it seems to like a good small and cheap .
I think that it seems to be good , small and cheap .
How does a percentage discount it expensive ?
What percentage discount can you give ?
Do you a little bit more discount ?
Can you offer a little bit more discount ?
So this let 's decision .
So let 's make a decision .
Dig oneself .

17 / 10 / 10 - BBQ at a Park
17 / 10 / 10 - BBQ at the park
17 / 10 / 10 - BBQ at a Park ( ( Correct ) )
We were planing to go to the Zoo , but everyone was busy working .
We were planning to go to the Zoo , but everyone was busy working .
We were planing to go to the zoo , but everyone was busy working .
So we cancelled .
So we cancelled it .
So we canceled our plans .
Since it was sunny , I went to the nearest park with my roommate instead .
Since it was sunny , I went to the nearest park with my roommate .
Since it was sunny , I went to the nearest park with my roommate instead . This sentence is fine !
We did BBQ at the park , Cleland Park .
We had a BBQ at Cleland Park .
We had a BBQ at Cleland Park .
The park is equipped with a hear device , so unless we clean it after eating , we can use I suppose .
The park is equipped with a hearing device , so unless we clean after eating we can use it .
The park is equipped with a heating device , so as long as we clean it after eating , I suppose we can use it . Heating device = BBQ ?
The park is equipped with a heating device , so if we clean it after eating , we 're allowed to use it .
In addition , There is some tennis courts next to the park !
In addition , There are some tennis courts next to the park !
In addition , there are some tennis courts next to the park !
I always feel like playing it although I can not play well .
I always feel like playing it although I ca n't play very well .
I always feel like playing even though I can not play well .
We ate ram and cucumber while drinking beer and wine .
We talked about the job in each country and marriageable age .
We talked about jobs and the marriageable age of different countries .
We talked about our jobs in each country and marriageable ages .
I am not sure that we can drink in public place .
I am not sure if we can drink in public place .
I am not sure if we can drink in a public place .
I am not sure that we can drink in public places .
In japan , it is OK .
In Japan , it is OK .
In Japan , it is OK .
How about your country ?
What about in your country ?
How about in your country ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
if you have time , please drop by and press the pumpkin and the pink button
( so that more people have a chance to read my blog ! ! )
Happy things today .
Today , I learned washing a machine of gastrocamera in my clinic for the first time .
Today , I learned about washing a gastrocamera machine in my clinic for the first time .
Today , I learned washing a component of gastrocamera in my clinic for the first time .
All this time I was very serious for do n't fall down it .
All the while I was very careful not to fall down into it .
This time I am very serious not to drop it .
Because I heard that my doctor bought it about 3000000JPY .
Because I heard that my doctor had paid about 3000000JPY for it .
Because I heard that my doctor bought it for about 3000000 JPY .
So it is very expencive .
So it 's very expensive .
So it is very expensive .
I was really surprised it .
I was really surprised by that .
I was really surprised about it .
It will be able to buy a car if I had such a big money .
I 'd be able to buy a car if I had such an amount of money .
It will be able to buy a car if I have such a big money .
And I ca n't help me if I fall down it .
And I could n't help myself if I fell in it .
And I ca n't help myself if I drop it .
So that I am very serious to wash it .
So I 'm very serious / careful when washing it .
So , I have to be very careful washing it .
And I enjoyed washing the camera .
And I enjoyed washing the camera .
I always happy doing work .
I 'm always happy doing work .
I am always happy doing my work .
My friend girl will be marrige this year in the Montana .
My girlfriend / friend will be getting married this year in Montana .
My friend girl will be marrige this year in Montana .
She is one of my close friend but it looks like younger sister or family so I have been feeling happy for it .
She is one of my close friends but she is like a like younger sister or family member so I have been feeling happy about it .
She is one of my close friends but it looks like I am a younger sister or a part of the family so I am feeling happy for it .
I will be there when she has Wedding ceremony .
I 'll be there when she has the wedding ceremony .

Hello , Everyone .
Yesterday , I started to write my journal , but nobody check that .
Yesterday , I wrote in my journal , but nobody checked it .
Maybe , something is wrong with me ?
or the theme is only just boring .
or the theme is just boring .
Anyway , I 'll keep writing it everyday .
Today , I went to shopping to buy chocolate .
Today , I went shopping to buy chocolate .
Most Japanese like sweet taste chocolate with cookie something .
Most Japanese peoplelike sweets chocolates with cookies OR chocolate cookies .
Only chocolate is not so attractive for most japanese .
Only chocolate is not so popular for most japanese .
Because Japanese like carbohydrates .
Because Japanese peoplelike carbohydrates .
As you already know , they always eat rice and noodle as staple food .
As you already know , they always eat rice and noodle as a staple food .
So , I think that 's why Japanese like to eat something with carbohydrates .
So , I think that 's why Japanese people like to eat something with carbohydrates .
Therefore , Most Japanese like sweet taste chocolate with cookie .
Therefore , Most Japanese like sweet chocolate with cookies .
How about your country or you ? if you have spare time , please let me know about chocolate culture .

I 'm tired . . .
Long time no see .
I 'm tired . . .
There are some reasons .
First , I study English for three hours everyday as posible as after work .
First , I study English for three hours everyday right after work .
Second , My work is getting hard because my coworker do n't hardly working recently .
I want to study English more , but it get me sleepy to my body is tired .

It is painful for one to see his or her beloved parents aging .
Although you know it is the inevitable natural process , it is hard not to think about it too much .
Although you know it is an inevitably natural process , it is hard not to think about it too much .
My father is 55 years old this year , instead of paying attention to keep healthy by exercise like peers , my father like spending lots of time browsing news on the internet .
My father is 55 years old this year , but instead of making an effort to keep healthy by exercising like his peers , my father prefers spending lots of time browsing news on the internet .
as a result , his health situation is poor , his hands tremble sometimes for no reason and his movement is getting more and more slow , easily tired and fall in asleep after doing a little housework , which really bother me a lot .
I really wish all those aging process can be slowed down or at least not that noticeable , but the fact is that I can clearly and strongly sense them , which is really painful .
I really wish all his signs of aging could be slowed ( down ) , or at least not that obvious , but the fact is that I can clearly and strongly sense all of them , which is really painful .

Slow New Year 's Eve
I got back home from the hot spring today .
We took a bath early , and ate toshikoshi - soba , the buckwheat noodles eaten on Neew Year 's Eve .
We took an early bath and ate toshikoshi - soba , the buckwheat noodles eaten on New Year 's Eve .
Therefore now I can take my time .
So now I can relax .
I 'd like to thank all my friends for helping me improve my English .
I 'm really happy to have great friends .
Thank you for your help !
I hope you have a Happy New Year 's Eve and a Happy New Year .

My neighbors held a party and I am hearing Latin music since this afternoon .
My neighborsare having a party and I have been hearing Latin music since this afternoon .
My body is swaying to the music naturally .
It started raining a while ago , but the music does n't stop sound .
It started raining a while ago , but the music did n't stop
It 's 0 am midnight now .
I 'm worried when it 'll stop .

I participated in a match of the tennis today .
I participated in a match of tennis today .
I belong to the company 's tennis team , and today was a opening match for this season .
I belong to the company 's tennis team , and today was an opening match for this season .
I participated in a doubles match .
We won the first set but we lost second set .
We won the first set but we lost the second set .
Finally , we lost final set .
Finally , we lost the final set .
It was so close match and we played about 2 hours and half .
It was such a close match and we played for about 2 and a half hours .
It was so tough for me .
And I felt the sting of defect because we lost such a close game .
And I felt the sting of defeatbecause we lost such a close game .
I 'll prepare better for the next week match .
I 'll prepare better for the match next week .
Anyway , the weather was perfect and I did my best .
Playing tennis is so fun and relieve my stress .
Playing tennis is so fun and relieves my stress .
What kind of sports do you play ?

Do you know Oscar ?
' Oscar ' , Yes , It 's me . haha .
hm , Just joke .
hm , Just a joke .
Do you know ' Lady Oscar : Rose of Versailles ' .
Do you know ' Lady Oscar : Rose of Versailles ' ?
It 's an animation .
I saw it when I was a child .
Oscar is a hero or heroine in that animation .
( She is a girl , originally .
But she does like a man , because her 's parent )
But she dresses like a man , because of her parents )
She looks like perfect for me when I was young .
She looked perfect for me when I was young .
I think , she was very strong , nice , and handsome ( or pretty )
I thought she was very strong , nice , and handsome ( or pretty )
even though was girl .
even though she was a girl .
My English name ' Oscar ' ,
My English name , ' Oscar ' ,
It recalls remembrance to my mind .
causes me to remember this .

Finding Neverland
Today I saw the movie `` Finding Neverland `` .
The starring of it is Johnny Depp .
, starring Johnny Depp .
This movie starts when James Matthew Barrie , an English dramatist , meets the boy who is model of Peter Pan .
The movie starts when James Matthew Barrie , an English dramatist , meets the boy who is the model for Peter Pan .
I did n't know about how `` Peter Pan `` was written , so this story was so intersting .
I did n't know how `` Peter Pan `` was written , so this story was so intersting .
I want to read `` Peter Pan in Scarlet `` .

least weapon
I 'll have lots of time to learn English next month .
I 'll have lots of time to learn English next month
Because the banquet rooms I work will be vacant on the month .
Because the banquet rooms which I work at will be vacant on the month .
because the banquet rooms I work will be vacant . ( add this to the sentence before it . )
It 's a good thing , unless saved money will be diminishing without mercy .
It 's a good thing , except that my saved money will be diminishing without mercy .
Seeing the diminishing balance , I think `` Money weighs as heavy as time now . ``
It 's not that I 'm not satisfied with time and money I have ,
It 's not that I 'm not satisfied with the time and money I have ,
It 's not that I 'm not satisfied with the time and money that I have ,
but it 's a bit short of feeling wealthiness .
but it 's a bit short of feeling wealthy .
I think the reason is what my current job is not the job I really love .
I think the reason is that my current job is not the job I really love .
Although I do n't hate my job , rather I like my colleagues .
Although I do n't hate my job and I rather like my colleagues .
I wished to work at the international field when I was a collage student .
But I avoided the hardship , as a result , I stand this place .
But I avoided the hardship , as a result , I now stand in this place .
I 'm no longer young to change my job .
I 'm no longer young enough to change my job .
So that I need a least weapon to tackle .
That is English .
That weapon is English .

It 's my homework to English writting subject .
This is my homework for my English writing class .
My homework `` Let me introduce my self ! ``
Please help me T .
Let me introduce my self .
Let me introduce myself .
My name is Kim Youngsic and age 24 .
I Incheon University a student and major Information communication subject in Information technology .
I 'm a student at Incheon University majoring in Information Communications , an IT major .
I sophomore and had went to the military .
My faimily number is 4 and comprising father , mother , old brother , me .
My family is comprised of four members : my father , mother , older brother , and me .
My father is driver of a bus and my mother is housewife .
My father drives a bus and my mother is a housewife .
Also My old brother is a Kongju Universuty a student and major is tourism .
Also , my old brother attends Kongju University and his major is tourism .
He prepare for various contest .
He is preparing ( ? ) for various contests .
My hobby is make a plan , reading books .
The plan is that My future or found information to relatitve my subject and make a detail plan .
When second half - year , I always plan to what I can do next year .
During the second half of the year , I always plan out what to do next year .
I sometimes heard that `` You love plan ~ `` , I reading books that relative my future and I favorite CEO is ' Steven job 's ' to Apple company CEO .
I have sometimes heard `` You love to plan ~ `` . I am reading books related to my future and my favorite CEO is Steven Jobs , the CEO of Apple .
So I read books to relative Steven job 's .
So I read books related to Steven Jobs too .
I like fiction book that Japan fiction books .
I also like fiction books from Japan . ( manga ? )
Japan author is express detail images and have interesting episodes As well as the topic is various .
My strong point is heard well that people talk about anything .
I think that I introverted person .
Not many speak more than people .
I heard to people opinion .
But When people not talk , I speak to funny story .
My dream is Mobile software number one in World .
I interest in IPhone application and application had been making by Objective - c .
Recently I had made IPhone Application and awards .
Now I was made two IPhone applications and I will join various mobile contest .
So I increase my experience mobile skill to found my secret passion .
So I will increase my experience with mobile platforms and find my secret passion . ( ? )
If I graduation , I hope to Mobile Software work in foreign company .
I think that I must learn English to work foreign company .
If I can English well , be natural communication native people and I will cording easy .
So My liberal arts are classes are all English except to one .
My liberal arts classes are `` English speaking `` , `` English Writting `` , `` English reading & listening `` .
I feel my English skill is low .
But I do n't give up study English .
I want to improve my English speak skill and I will continue challenge mine .

happy ! !
Today I 'm very happy .
Because I was called the university .
Because I was called by the university .
The university said I passed the entrace examination .
The university said I passed the entrance examination .
My mom and dad were happy too .
I will look foward to university life .
I will look foward to my university life .

English Time .
It 's time to wrap up .
Now 22 : 00 o ' clock .
Now it is 22 : 00 o ' clock .
I want to sleep .
Tomorrow is will be busy .
Tomorrow will be busy .

a windy day
A windy day
It is windy since last night .
It has been windy since last night .
I can feel winds a little inside the apartment even all the windows are closed , since my apartment is old .
I can feel the winds a little inside the apartment , even though all the windows are closed . ( since my apartment is old )
There may be some openings around the windows or somewhere .
I should check them out and fix them later .

my brother
I have a brother and he is in 9th grade of junior high school .
So he will graduate junior high school and enter a high school this year .
He will be graduating from junior high school and entering high school this year .
They take the exam to enter a high school .
You need to take an exam to enter high school .
Students take an exam to enter high school .
My father worry about him .
My father worries / is worried about him ,
Because he dislike studying and play video game everyday .
I wish that I want him to spend the life without the regret .

How to read an English novel : sss
I 've just started to read the book `` Bridget Jones 's Diary `` in English .
I like this film and watched it several times , so I ought to know its story .
But there is a large number of unknown vocabularies in the book , I can guess to some extent or challenge to understand those meanings though : s
But there 's a lot of new vocabulary in the book , I can guess to some extent or challenge myself to understand those meanings though : s
I 'm wondering I should try to read the novel without a dictionary . . .
So far I use a dictionary after reading 1 page : < < <
It takes a long time when looking into a dictionary even 1 page , than I though .
I 'm puzzled to think when I finish reading this book : x
I 'm curious about when I will finish reading this book : x

Which web browser is the best ?
I have used a couple of web browsers which are Internet explorer , Firefox , Safari and Google chrome .
I have used a few of web browsers which are Internet explorer , Firefox , Safari and Google chrome . ( couple = 2 )
My main browser is google chrome because the response time during browsing is the fastest .
I can save the time and feel comfortable .
I can save time and feel comfortable .
Beside , user friendly interface is attractive .
Besides , the user friendly interface is attractive .
I can access my bookmark site easily .
And the design is simple and easy to handle .
But sometime I am annoyed by bizarre options .
But sometimes I am annoyed by bizarre options .
Actually , I was n't able to see pdf files by chrome .
Actually , I was n't able to see pdf files in chrome .
I struggled over 2hours .
Finally , I solved the issue to enter some keyword into address bar and chose enable to see pdf by Chrome .
Finally , I solved the issue by entering some keyword into the address bar and chose enable to see pdf in Chrome .
For now , there is no complain about Chrome .
For now , there is no complaint about Chrome .

What 's the difference ?
Could you tell me how different these two expression :
Could you tell me how different these two expression are :
Three of my family went shopping . # 1
My family of three went shopping . # 2
Moreover , I read an English - translated Japanese comic and in the manga , a character says like this :
Moreover , I read an English - translated Japanese comic and in the manga , a character says something like this :
You two come here . # 3
( This is form my memory , so maybe some commas but I do n't have the comic to confirm now )
( This is from my memory , so maybe there are some commas but I do n't have the comic to confirm that now )
Difference in how to use subjects and cardinal numbers between # 1 ~ # 3 is not clear to me .
The difference in how to use subjects and cardinal numbers between # 1 ~ # 3 is not clear to me .

in my company
In my company
I have job .
I have many co - workers there .
I usually enjoy my job .
But , sometimes I am in trobule about human relation .
Everyone want to be NO1 .
Everyone wants to be the NO1 .
So sometimes , ca n't care company .
So sometimes , I ca n't show my concern in the company .
I want to enjoy everyday .
I want to have fun everyday .

I could not finish for my job
I could not finish for my job .
My boss said for me `` Finished of this job until next Tuesday `` .
My boss said to me `` Finish off this job by next Tuesday `` .
But I could not it .
This job is almost finished , but there is a little of mistakes .
This job is almost finished , but there are a few mistakes .
I do not know what my mistake .
I do not know what my mistakes are .
What scant for me .

Athelet 's feet
Athlete 's foot
I 've got athelet 's foot .
I 've got athlete 's foot .
It started long time ago , It was about my highschool days that I first got athelet 's foot So it has been almost a decade .
It started a long time ago . It was around my highschool days that I first got athlete 's foot , so it has been almost a decade .
But I neglected to treat them .
But I neglected to treat it .
I thought it was not a big deal .
I do n't show my barefeet to others though .
I often feel itch between toes .
I often feel an itch between my toes .
I decided that I do n't need to let them be .
I decided that I do n't need to leave thembe .
And my parents told me to go to see a doctor when I visited them last weekend .
So I went to a demotologist in downtown .
So I went to a dermatologist downtown .
He prescribed me an ointment and let me have pull my blood for liver test .
He prescribed me an ointment and took some blood ( ? ) for a liver test .
He said the reason for liver test is to make individually adoptable medicine .
Two days later , I went back to the clinic to pick up the blood test result .
The doctor said my liver is `` normal `` .
And he put me on some pills for a week , twice a day .
The doctor looks careful and probably creditable but since I am for now translating one docdor 's book which criticize doctors who are easily `` putting their patients on chemicals `` I am a bit nervous .
The doctor looks careful and probably credible but since I am for now translating one doctor 's book which criticizes doctors who are too readily `` putting their patients on chemicals `` I am a bit nervous .
But I have no choice for my clean feet in a short term .
But I have no choice for my clean feet in the short term .
I will faithfully follow his instruction first .
I will faithfully follow his instructions first .
And I will wait and see the result .
By the way , since U .
President Obama has pushed for his health care reform , I became interested in comparing Korean public health care system with that of America .
I heard some families or individuals in the U .
S . were forced to declare bankruptcy because of high medical bills for relatively simple diseases .
For my medicine this time , I only paid less than 10 US dollars and my health care insurance run by the government paid almost 30 US dollars .
The public health care insurance took charge way more than half of the total medicine bill .
The public health care insurance covered way more than half of the total medical bill .
Now the Public Health Ministry of Korea is planning to cover cancers .
It is absolutely a good approach .
My father died of liver cancer when I was a kid .
Until his death , most of his fortune and family asset were taken by the hospital .
The patent 's relatives suffered not only emotionally but also financially .
Phew , so many ideas .
Now I stop here .
Anyways , I hope this summer I can wear fabulous sandals to boast cute toes and clean feet .
Anyways , I hope this summer I can wear fabulous sandals to show off cute toes and clean feet .
A little sad
I feel very tired and sad these days , there are so many exams to prepare , which are rather difficult .
I feel very tired and sad these days , there are so many exams to prepare for , which are rather difficult .
To get a excellent score , I have to stay up very late everyday , but there are so many things I do n't know .
I am going to crazy !

I regret !
I have made the same mistake again .
Doyou know `` mikkbouzu `` Japanese word ?
Do you know of the Japanese word `` mikkbouzu `` ?
`` Mikkabouzu `` means that man ca n't stick anything for long .
`` Mikkabouzu `` means someonewho ca n't stick to anything for long .
This word apply to me .
This word applies to me .
I am genuin fool .
I am a genuine fool .
I am going to continue to write this diary and improve my English skill , next time .
I am going to continue to write this diary and improve my English skill .
By the way , how should I do to make foreign friend ?
By the way , how should I do to make foreign friends ?

A cool day
Yesterday was one of the most cold day in recent days .
While I worked outside with a down jacket , I shiverd in a cold wind .
I worked outside only wearing a down jacket , I shivered from the cold wind .
And today I 'll work .
But maybe inside .
So I `` m going to bed with relief ! !
So I 'm going to bed with relief ! !

I heard the sad news about my friends .
I heard the sad news about my friends .
This sad news is that my friends quit his job .
This sad news is that my friend quit his job .
He is used to work busily and had not spoken his distress about his company .
He normally works busily and had not spoken about his distress in his company .
So , I felt sad because I did n't realize his distress even though we are very close .
I want to tell encouragingly him that `` good job and if you get settled , you had better find next job ``

I saw a movie
I Saw a Movie
I saw a film that Robert Downey Jr play a role in that movie - - - - - Iron man
I saw a film with Robert Downey Jr . , Iron Man .
He looks so handsome and smart in it .
In it he is very handsome and smart .
When he was 17 , he graduated from MIT , one of the most famous institute in the world .
In the movie when he was 17 , he graduated from MIT , one of the most famous schools in the world .
His character graduates from MIT when he is only 17 . MIT is one of the most famous schools in the world .

[ Movie ] MJ 's THIS IS IT
I saw `` This is it `` alone today .
It was kind of convenient , because I did n't need to care about what I would be worried by any companions .
From the beginning to the end , I could n't stop crying .
The movie was totally great .
It shows us various character of MJ .
It shows us the various sides & nbsp ; of MJ 's character .
When he sang `` Human Nature `` , he seemed so delicate .
`` The way you make me feel `` , he seemed innocent as a child .
In `` The way you make me feel `` , he seemed innocent as a child .
`` Ca n't stop loving you `` , he was tender and full of love .
In `` Ca n't stop loving you `` , he was tender and full of love .
`` Billie Jean `` , he was absolutely sexy !
In `` Billie Jean `` , he was absolutely sexy !
`` Man in the mirror `` , he was a true super star .
In `` Man in the mirror `` , he was a true super star .
I cried so much and it caused me headache .
I cried so much , it caused me a & nbsp ; headache .
I want to say thank you to Kenny Ortega ( the director ) for sharing us such a great scenes behind the stage .
I want to say thank you to Kenny Ortega ( the director ) for sharing with us such & nbsp ; great scenes behind the stage .
But , it has n't been six months yet , since he passed away .
It is cruel for me .
It is hard / unbearable & nbsp ; for me .
I still can not get over his absence .
I miss King of Pop very much .
I miss the King of Pop very much .

Hachiko , A Dog 's Story
Yesterday I saw the movie of `` Hachiko `` , a famous dog in Japan , with my children .
Yesterday I saw the movie `` Hachiko `` , about a famous dog in Japan , with my children .
The movie had a good , simple , but deep story .
I was moved and tears fell .
My son said , `` I found I was easily moved to tears .
I was drowned to tears many times . ``
My daughter said , `` I 've known that story already .
It is not tha movie itself that I 've most cry , but the fact that we missed the first ten minutes , because Mam made mistake the time . ``
It is not the movie itself that made me cry , but the fact that we missed the first ten minutes , because Mam was mistaken about the time . ``
Oh , I 'm sorry !
I made mistake in the beginning time of the movie .
I made a mistake about the beginning time of the movie .
Next time , I wo n't do the same thing .
Do n't mind .
Do n't worry .
Which movie are we going to see next time ?

Let me introduce myself
Nice to meet you .
I 'm Japanese who studying English .
I 'm a Japanese person who is studying English .
I am interested in the cooking of the foreign countries .
I am interested in the foods of foreign countries .
The reason which I started studying English is I want to read a lot of blogs about cooking .
The reason I started studying English is that I want to read a lot of blogs about cooking .
And I 'll try to introduce Japanese food for foreign people .
I 'll also try to introduce Japanese food to foreign people .
For instance , recipe of supper , drink , sweets , and so on .
For instance , recipes for supper , drinks , sweets , and so on .
My best regards . ,

Dog 's Toys .
Today , I went to pet shop .
Today , I went to a pet shop .
I bought toy for my dog .
I bought a toy for my dog .
This toy is a big bone - shaped gum .
It 's a big bone - shaped gum .
Next week , I will present to my dog to toy .
Next week , I will give the toy tomy dog .
He will rejoice .
I suppose he will be happy .

doremimizundo
These days I listen to this song a lot .
This song has a good and mysterious mood .
( For Japanese learners )
This lyric is little use to study Japanese .
The lyrics are of little use for studying Japanese .
I do not recommend to listen carefully .
I do not recommend listening to it too carefully .

090804 ( E )
Tomorrow , I will take the SCJP test .
It involves with Java Programming .
It involves Java Programming .
So I should start to study it .
I need cheering by you .
I need you to cheer me up .
Heh . . . . . . . .

JAPANESE CULTURE
I want to introduce a part of Japanese culture .
I talk about `` Shamisen `` .
Shamisen is a Japanese traditional instrument .
It looks like a guitar .
This instrument has 3 strings .
We use a plectrum when we play it .
The sound is mild and modest .
But it is so difficult to play .
I practice the Shamisen , but I ca n't play it well yet .
If you have a chance , you should listen to Shamisen music .

my car = TOYOTA vitz
If I work tomorrow , the next day is holiday !
If I work tomorrow , the next day is a holiday !
I do n't have any plan yet but I have to go to car dealer ( TOYOTA ) to check my car in the morning .
I do n't have any plans yet but I have to go to the car dealer ( TOYOTA ) to check my car in the morning .
Incidentally my car is not Prius . . .
Even though my car is not a Prius , I am still worried . . .
I am listening to U .
english radio everyday , and I heard the news about the toyota 's prius today .
english radio everyday , and I heard in the news about the Prius today .
It 's also big news in U .
By the way I went to sports shop after working .
I went to a sports shop after work today .
I tried to choose ski wear .
I tried to find ski wear .
It 's season off now , so they have become cheap .
It 's season off now , so everything > has become cheap .
It 's off - season now , so they have become cheap .
I have to go to bed now .
Good night .

This is my first English daily
English is not my mother language .
English is not my mother tongue ( mother language ) .
I like this language but did n't have the environment and friend to use the language .
I like this language but did n't have the environment or friend / s to use this language .
So I am poor in how or when to use it , especially in writing and speaking .
Anyway , This website is a good place let me try to use English and known new friends come from the global world .
Anyway , this website is a good place to try to use English and befriend people from all over the world .
Nice to meet you guy , and Thank you my fist English daily .
Nice to meet you guys , and Thank you my for reading my first English diary entry .

Long time no see !
hi everyone
Long time no see !
I 'm writting a diary after a long time .
I 'm writing a diary after a long time .
It is too hard for me to keep up a diary .
Because The yen is getting stronger .
Because The yen is getting stronger ,
I would like to go on overseas trip .
I would like to go on an overseas trip .
What country do you would like to go ?
What country would you like to go to ?
I will do for USA .
because I heve never been to go there .
because I have never been there .
see yah !

University
I went a university that is my first choise today .
I went to a university that is my first choice today .
The university opened the campus for high school students and their parents .
It was very fun , and I learned a way of larning English .
It was full of fun , and I found a way of learning English .
aww . . .
I do n't have inough time . . .
I do n't have enough time . . .
I have to study : (
I like study but I ca n't do it very long time .
I like to study but I ca n't do it for a very long time .
I 'm going to go to the university tomorrow again !
Thank you very much for reading !
good - bye !

I have tons of homework .
I do n't even know where to start .
I have to write an essay and read two chapters of my Foundations of Bilingual Ed . class .
Plus , I have to work in a Power Point presentation and a lesson plan .
Plus , I have to work on a Power Point presentation and a lesson plan .
Well , I guess I should start working and stop complaining .
Hopefully tomorrow I 'll have time to go to the movies and spend time with my family .

Rock man dash 3
Megaman Legends 3
I found this article .
I will buy it . . .
I will buy this game . . .

A : I 've heared that you 've bought a new car .
What colour is it ?
B : It 's red , whole red .
B : It 's red .
A : Then what make is it ?
B : It 's a Mercedes .
A : AH ! That 's famous .
A : Wow ! That 's famous .
Is it large or small ?
How big is it ?
B : It 's very large .
A : How much does is cost ?
A : How much did it cost ?
B : $ 33050 .
A : That 's a lot of money !
B : It worth every penny of it .
B : It was worth every penny .
A : What number is it ?
A : What is your license plate number ?
B : K6778B .

My new niece
Good Morning , everyone
I hope that everyone had been good time in last hollydays .
I hope that everyone had been having a good time in the latest holiday .
been happy because I have new niece , she was born in January 1st , her name is Maria Alejandra , she is soo cute .
been happy because I have a new niece . She was born on January 1st , and her name is Maria Alejandra . She is so cute .
I am soo happy because mi brother was a man really cold with kids , he was apathetic about them , but he looks like new man , he is take care about his little girl and his wife .
I am soo happy because my brother is a man who is really cold with kids . He was apathetic about them , but now he looks as if he has changed . He cares about his little girl and his wife .
I am soo happy although only I can see her for pictures , because we are far .
I must study hard tonight , because I have many exams in this week .
I must study hard tonight , because I have many exams this week .
I do not like study every subject .
I do not like to study every subject .
I want to sleep right now .
There are many yhing that I have to do tonight .
There are many things that I have to do tonight .
I am disappointed .

hey , it 's me
hey , guys . . .
hey guys , . . .
hey guys . . .
I 'm new here . . .
actually , I dont know what can I do here , just know that it 's a place to learn english , and make friends , and gain some special experiences . . .
I like special things , special ppl . . .
I wish that u can be a special friend to me . . .
I 'm vio . . .
now live in hangzhou , china ~ ~ it 's a nice place . . .
Right now I live in hangzhou , china ~ ~ it 's a nice place . . .
right now ilive in hangzhou , china ~ ~ it 's a nice place . . .
guess most of u heard about it be4 . . .
I like listening to music , like every type , expecially jazz , rock , and some nice soft music , some times I listen to death matel too .
I like listening to music , like every type , especially jazz , rock , and some nice soft music , some times I listen to death metal too .
I like listening to music , like every type , especially jazz , rock , and some nice soft music , some times I listen to death metal too .
coz I played drum for some time .
I like sing too , I can sing well , but just chinese songs , haha . . .
I like to sing too , I can sing well , but just chinese songs , haha . . .
I like singing too , I can sing well , but just chinese songs , haha . . .
I draw sometimes when I feel nothing to do . . .
I draw sometimes when I feel like there is nothing to do . . .
I draw sometimes when I feel like there is nothing to do . . .
and also do some reading , which written by ppl who r not famouse but special . . . .
and also do some reading , which are written by ppl who r not famous but special . . . .
and also do some reading , which r written by ppl who r not famous but special . . . .
now I love playing pool very much . . . haha , it 's a very wonderful sport ~ ~ love it . . . wish that u can play with me , and train me some day . . lol
well , now , write next time . . .
well , now , I will write next time . . .
well , now , I will write next time . . .
glad to be ur friend . . . I 'm a nice girl . . . lol
remember me . .

Diary 2010 . 12 . 28
Recently , I have started a running for losing weight .
Recently , I have started running to lose weight .
When I was more young , I ran everyday for training .
When I was younger , I ran everyday to train .
So I thought I could run hardly .
So I thought I could still run hard .
But when I ran , I felt a pain at my left leg .
But when I ran , I felt a pain in my left leg .
I think my weight is too heavy to run hardly .
I think my weight is too heavy to run hard .
Now I run very slow pace or walk .
Now I run at a very slow pace or walk .
I think it is not good for health to run suddenly .
I think it is not good for my health to run suddenly .

my first journal entry
hi I 'm jiwon
I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm 21 years old .
I am a hanshin university student
I am a student at Hanshin University .
end then , I wanna talk to my first journal entry .
I 'm going to the australia in middle school 3rd grade .
because my uncle lived there .
so without the money I had made them .
my uncle and uncle 's family was very kind
My uncle and family were very kind .
cousin sister was very kind for me and my sister .
me and my sister was very joyfull .
My sister and I were very joyful .
we are going to the opera house and water park , kangaroo park .
We went to the opera house , water park , and kangaroo park .
it was very exiting and special experience .
It was a very exiting and special experience .
I was there a month or so .
last day , my aunt give some australia chocolate , kangaroo dall ,
On the last day , my aunt gave me some Australian chocolate , a kangaroo doll , and a suit .
some suit .
and me and my sister were so sad .
My sister and I were so sad .
I think my cousin sister and promised to meet on the internet web
My cousin promised to meet on the internet on Cyworld and Nate On .
site in cyworld and nate on .
this is my first journal entry memory .
This is my first journal entry memory .
my English is so terrible and my memory is not good .
but I tried hard to write .
please pretty please take care ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
and good bye ~ ~
And good - bye ~ ~

I like bread
3th July 2010
The new bakery cafe shop open in Minamimorimach near station .
The new bakery cafe shop opened in Minamimorimach near a station .
I had luch at this shop .
I had lunch at this shop .
I eat a sandwich ( Pani ni ) and pumpkin pie .
I ate a sandwich ( Pani ni ) and pumpkin pie .
My aunt is teacher .
My aunt is a teacher .
She teaches how to make bread .
Sometimes she taught me how to make bread .
The bakery is profound and interesting and I like it .

strange ? ?
Strange ? ?
I met old friends yesterday .
I met up with some old friends yesterday .
I have known them over 10 years .
I have known them for over 10 years .
I have known them for over 10 years .
We drunk some alcohol and ate Korian foods at the first restrant .
We drank alcohol and ate Korean food at the first restaurant .
We drunk some alcohol and ate Korian food at the first restrant .
one friend said I want to eat ramen .
One friend said `` I want to eat ramen . ``
I 'm surprised it .
I was surprised because I was full .
because I was full .
but I met him after a long interval .
But I met him there after a while .
That ' kind of you to go noodle house together .
I wonder Japenese like to eat ramen ( noodle ) after they drink many alcohol .
I wonder why Japanese people like to eat ramen noodles after they drink a lot of alcohol .
I wonder why Japenese people like to eat ramen ( noodle ) after they drink a lot of alcohol .
Is this japanese only doing ? ?
Is this something only the Japanese do ? ?

The First Time
This is my first time here .
A few days ago , my classmate talked about this place with me .
I think it 's a very interseting place .
I think it 's a very interesting place .
I always want to make friens .
I always want to make friends .
But I 'm too timid to talk with Foreigners around me .
But I 'm too timid to talk with the foreigners around me .
I think maybe I can make some friends here .
And my major is Chinese .
My major is Chinese .
Maybe we can learn from each other .

Dive Into Python
Ever imagined what if you were swallowed by the gigantic legless reptile ?
Ever imagined what it would be like if you were swallowed by the gigantic legless reptile ?
No , this is about the programming language Python .
This is a great document on Python .
The structure of the content is organized so as to enthrall intermediate programmers who already know one or more other programming languages .
This book shows a seemingly complex source code at the beginning of every chapter .
I was intimidated by the code , since I could n't make any sense of it .
However , as I went on further , I noticed that the author had deconstructed the code line by line in great detail .
The enigmas clears up one by one , and by the end of the chapter , I found myself being able to understand the example code on the beginning .
The enigmas clear up one by one , and by the end of the chapter , I found myself being able to understand the example code at the beginning .
The enigmas cleared up one by one , and by the end of the chapter , I found myself being able to understand the example code at the beginning .
This book does not begin with mundane stuff , ' if - else statement ' , ' using a list ' , ' for loop ' and the like .
This book does not begin with mundane stuff , such as ' if - else statements ' , ' using a list ' , ' for loops ' and the like .
It at first shows off more Pythonic features such as dictionary , doc string , list comprehension , and lambda function , which fascinate me .
At first , it shows off more Pythonic features such as dictionaries , doc strings , list comprehension , and lambda functions , which fascinate me .
Besides , `` Dive Into Python `` is free .
No charge .
I thanked God ( or the Flying Spaghetti Monster ) that I could read English to some degree .

Introduce myself
Hello everyone !
This is my first diary , so I introduce myself .
This is my first diary entry , so I will like to introduce myself .
I am girl 's high school student , and 17 years old .
My favorite things are shopping , watching movie , listening to musics , girls talk and sleeping in my loving bed .
My hobbies are shopping , watching movie , listening to musics , girls talk and sleeping in my lovly bed .
I 'm happiest when I do these .
I 'm the happiest when I do these activities .
But I got to be busy because of preparing for a college 's examination , I can not do these .
But I got busy because of the preparation for a college 's examination , I can not do them .
Now , I hope to finish the examination and enter the college of first choice .
Now , I hope to finish the examination and enter the college of my first choice .
Thank you for reading my first diary .
Thank you for reading my first diary entry .
I bought an English book ~
I just bought an English book titled `` The boy in the striped pajamas `` I watched this movie one year ago .
I usually do n't enjoy to read a book , but I 'm studying English in Canada .
I usually do n't enjoy reading books , but I 'm studying English in Canada .
I think I 'm supposed to do anything which can help me improve my English skills .
I should do what I can to improve my English .
This movie is an unreal story about Hitler .
In this movie , Hitler has a wife and a son .
His son has no friend because he lives in a military area with his family , not even he does not have a sister or brother .
His son has no friends because he lives in a military area with his family . He also does n't have a sister or brother .
He wants to make a friend , but it is n't that easy .
He wants to make a friend , but it is n't easy .
One day , he moved to the new house
He spends much time playing on the swings alone .
One funny thing I noticed was the swing was made of military tire and rope .
He felt very bored of playing everything alone , he decided to go some place where his father said to him not to go never ever .
He was very bored of playing alone and decided to go some place where his father said he should never go .
Although he came up with what his father said , he was very bored , moreover he was very curious of that place .
He went to there , saw a big fence made of iron with a lot of dangerous sharp needles .
It was a concentration camp for Jewish people .
He became scared of the place , he came back home .
He got scared and ran back home .
One day later , he visited there again .
The next day he visited the camp again .
He met a boy who looked like almost the same age as him .
He met a boy who looked about the same age as him .
They talked to each other , became friends .
They talked to each other and became friends .
He became aware that his friend does n't have enough food , so he brought food everyday for his friend .
He noticed his friend did n't have enough food , so he brought food to him everyday .
They talked a lot about their own life .
They talked a lot about their own lives .
a son of Hitler was very curious of his friend 's house .
He asked his friend to invite him to his house .
Finally , he visited his friend 's house , and the thing happened in that day .
He visited his friend 's house , the concentration camp .
Hitler commanded his subordinates to burn all Jewish people in the concentration camp at the stake that time .
His son felt cold because there was no heating apparatus .
Hitlers son was cold because there was no heating .
He told this friend that he wanted to go back home .
So he told this friend that he wanted to home .
But , suddenly all soldiers locked all doors by force .
In the end , he and his friend were died from fire .
Actually , all people in the camp died .
After one day , Hitler and his wife noticed his son did n't sleep in his bed last night .
The next day , Hitler and his wife noticed their son did n't sleep in his bed last night .
They visited the concentration camp and found their son 's necklace .
They started wailing , and the movie finished .
They started wailing and the movie finished .
That 's what I remembered about this movie 's story .
That 's what I remember about the movie .

I wanna meet all the foreigners + . +
I wanna meet foreigners * - *
I would like to meet many foreigners .
I don ` t know when .
I love the forgeiner so much .
I love foreigners so much .
blue eyes .
Blue eyes .
that ` s why , im learning english .
that ` s why I ` m learning english .
That ` s the reason I am learning English .

This is because I 'd love to visit to TAIWAN .
This is because I 'd love to visit TAIWAN .
This is because I 'd love to visitTAIWAN .
I have ever tried to study Mandarin when I was in the jounior highschool .
I have tried to study Mandarin when I was in junior high school .
Itried to study Mandarin when I was in junior high school .
Chinese - charactors are used in Mandarin and Japanese , so I thought learning Mandarin is a lot easier than learning any other languages .
Chinese - characters are used in Mandarin and Japanese , so I thought Mandarin would be easier to study than other languages .
Chinese - characters are used in Mandarin and Japanese , so I thought learning Mandarin would be a lot easier than learning any other languages .
However , it is actually not .
Firstly , the meaning .
Some of meaning of chinese - charactors in Mandarin and Japanese are same but some of things are not .
Some of meaning of chinese - characters in Mandarin and Japanese are same but some of them are not .
Some characters have the same meaning in Mandarin and Japanese but some do n't .
it made me complicated .
it made me confused .
Secondly , the pronounciation .
Japanese does not have any accent namely , one sound has only one accent in Japanese .
Although , Mandarin has four accents in one sound ( I ca n't explain about it crealy in English , try to understand ! ) .
Although , Mandarin has four accents in one sound ( I ca n't explain about it clearly in English , try to understand ! ) .
However , Mandarin has four accents in one sound ( I ca n't explain it clearly in English , try to understand ! ) .
These reason , I left from Mandarin in a week .
For this reason , I stopped studying Mandarin in a week .
For these reasons , I quit learning Mandarin in a week .
Please do n't call me LOSER , I was too young for this .
And now , I am planning to visit to Taiwan in November !
Friends always say `` Why do n't you go to South - Korea ?
It 's should be great man ! `` .
It should be great man ! `` .
I 'm sure that the time is for K things currently , but Taiwan has many appeals ; like cultures ( especially for young people ) , foods and traditions .
I 'm sure that K things are popular currently , but Taiwan has many things that appeal ; like its culture ( especially for young people ) , food and traditions .
So , how can I start to learning Mandarin first ?
So , how can I start to learn Mandarin again ?
So , how can I startlearning Mandarin first ?

Earthquake happened in Japan
This is the latest report from Japan .
The number of died or missing people are estimated more than 3300 at present .
The number of dead or missing people is estimated to be more than 3300 at present .
The division director of Miyagi Prefectural Police says victims might be more than ten thousands .
The division director of Miyagi Prefectural Police says there might be more than ten thousand victims .

Chijimi And Nama - Harumaki ( Raw Egg Roll )
I had Chijimi and raw egg rolls for dinner .
I had Chijimi and fresh egg rolls ( or summer rolls ) for dinner .
Chijimi was too hot , because I put too much Kimchi in it , but raw egg rolls were good .
Chijimi was too hot , because I put too much Kimchi in it , but fresh egg rolls were good .
These are my daughters ' and my favorites .
My younger daughter helped me making raw egg rolls .
My younger daughter helped me mak fresh egg rolls .
We prepared lettus , cucumber , bean sprouts , chicken , shrimps and labiate for it .
We prepared lettus , a cucumber , bean sprouts , chicken , shrimps and labiate for it .
We wrapped these with raw egg roll wrappers to see red of shrimps and green of labiate from outside .
First , I showed her how to wrap .
Then she tried to do it .
She got the knack in no time and she was good at wrapping it after all .
She got the knack of it in no time and she was good at wrapping it after all .
We made ten rolls .
That was beautiful .
They were beautiful .
I should 've taken pictures of this .
I should 've taken pictures of them .

I recovered one 's good humor .
After the diary had been written , it was reconciled yesterday .
It walked to Daitabashi for about three hours after it went to Azabu by two people , and it ate meal in Hard Rock Cafe .
I walked to Daitabashi for about three hours after I went to Azabu with two people , and ate a meal in the Hard Rock Cafe .

my first article
My name is chika .
I live in Tokyo .
I 'm a college student and I study food science .
I want to be speak English fluently and communicate anybody all over the world .
I want to speak English fluently and communicate with anybody all over the world .
Please teach me English .
Thank you .

I think I 'm vary lazy about everything .
I think I 'm very lazy about everything .
I offen postpone various things have to do .
I often postpone various things that need to be done .
But if I do n't fix this practice , my future is lost I feel .
The time length people can live has be limited , so how much I can do in that time .
The length of time people live is limited . So how much I can do in that time ?
When I think so , I ca n't waste time at all .
When I think about this , I feel that I ca n't waste time at all .
Action than I think ! ! !

I have a dog .
Her name is Cocoa .
She is five years old .
She likes sleeping and eating .
She was fat but now she is smart .
She was fat but now she is skinny .
Because my father took her a walk for a long time and gave her little feed .
She is very cute .
I love her .

I afraid to speak in English
I am afraid to speak in English .
I had a dinner with my friends and some of their friends yesterday .
I had dinner with my friends , and some of their friends yesterday .
One of my friends just came back from French before yesterday , and other one is good in English , and their friends are also good in English so when I met then , I was surrounded by English .
One of my friends just came back from France the day before yesterday . Another friend of mine is good with English , and their friends are also good with English , so when I met them , I was surrounded by English speakers .
I can understand half of what they talk about but it 's hard to response to them for me .
I can understand some of what they talk about , but it 's hard to respond .
One of the reasons is I seldom talk with foreigners and the second one is I do n't know how to say that in English even I can know what they are talking about .
But I had a nice night in dead because they do so nice to people ^ ^
But , I had a nice time because they were nice people .
How to overcome speaking English with people especially with like American and European ?
How do I get better at speaking English , especially with Americans and Europeans ?
Do you have some methods can provide me because I think my English is poor : (
Do you have some methods that you can provide me , because I think my English is poor : ( .

Today was fine day .
Today was a fine day .
I went to tama river cycling .
I went by the Tama river for cycling .
It was tailwind , I was able to good run .
I was resting by river side , when cats approached me .
I was resting by the river side when some cats approached me .
So I rubbed the cats .
So I petted the cats .

Hello , My first time is in Lang - 8 for writing English
I 'm in South Korea .
Many Koreans are studying English hard , because It is need into Univ . , companies .
I did n't like English , before seeing lesson English of mr .
He 's lesson is moving my heart .
His lessons move my heart .
I will try to write English .
I will try to write in English .

holle everybody ! for the first time about 1 year ! !
How are you ?
I 'm fine .
But North Japan have dameged earthquake .
But North Japan has been damaged by the earthquake .
We will do my best .
We will do our best .
By the way .
I bought new PC .
I bought a new PC .
So , I can use Skype now !
Please talk with me .
Thank you .

A Job intervew
It was so exciting experience ! !
It was such an exciting experience ! !
I was interviewed by a Canadian English teacher 2 days ago .
I applyed for a job which is a receptionist in English school .
I applied for a job as a receptionist in English school .
I found out the job offer in an English free paper .
I found the job offer in an English free paper .
It 's a part time job .
It 's a part time job ,
Working time is only 1 day a week .
I only have to work one day a week .
I 'm housewife , so it 's convinient for me to do such a short time job .
I 'm housewife , so it 's convenient for me to do such a short time job .
Actually , I have no purpose to study English hard , so if I got some job which required some English skill , I could improve my English , I thought .
Actually , I do n't have any reasons to study English so diligently , but if I get a job which requires some proficiency in English , I think I could improve my English .
At interview ,
At the interview ,
I could n't explain my job history at first , but I could answer other questions by the interviewer .
It was that below
What 's is your strong point in your job
What 's is your weak poing in your job
What 's is your weak point in your job
How do you make up for your weak point
Are you going to go abroad ?
Is it available for me to adjust your working time depending on students ' convenience ?
Are you able to adjust your working hours for the students ' convenience ?
I was so upset when I was asked that , because I had no preperation for the job interview .
I was so upset when I was asked that , because I had not prepared for the job interview .
It was absolutely beyond my expectation !
So I could n't pretend to be smart at all , I mean , I answerd it just honestly .
So I could n't pretend to be smart at all , I mean , I just answered honestly .
My strong point is . . . .
Actually I 'm not sure . . . .
but someone around me always tell me that they can feel at ease after talking with me .
but people around me always tell me that they can feel at ease after talking with me .
Because probably I can listen to them very well , that 's why they can
Probably because I can listen to them very well that 's why they can
feel relax with me .
feel relaxed with me .
My weak one is . . .
I 'm eager to do something which I ' m interested in , but sometimes I lost my motivation rapidly .
I 'm eager to do something which I ' m interested in , but sometimes I lose my motivation rapidly .
I recover my weakpoint by aiming the goal to reach , for example
I 'm gon na take Toeic test next month .
I 'm not gon na go abroad , I have no plan to live abroad , because I 'm housewife , It 's difficult for me so far .
I 'm not gon na go abroad , I do n't have any plans to live abroad . Because I 'm housewife , it 's difficult for me to go far away .
Ofcourse I can arrange my time to suit student 's situation .
Of course , I can arrange my time to suit student 's situation .
I will keep every Thirsday for your students .
I will keep every Thursday for your students .
Somerimes , I was at a loss for words , and asked him to repeat what he 'd said once more , though
That 's my answers .
Those were my answers .
What do you think if you were the interviewer who owned a cozy English school .
What would you think if you were the interviewer who owned a cozy English school ?
Anyway it was so interesting for me , I enjoyed it !

It was rainy today .
I wonder cherry blossoms were gone , but when I get back to my home , cherry blossoms stay blooming .
Cherry blossoms are so evanescent .
My son became better .
Today he went a nursely school .
Today he went to nursery school .
He was fine but he has been constipation two days because of medicine .

Minecraft
In childhood in our city Lego sold at box with Milky Way only and there were from 10 to 20 details , but from these details I constructed so many different things , that already scares .
When I was a child , in our city Lego was only sold in a box with Milky Way . There were from ten to twenty ( designs ? ) , but from these ( designs ) I constructed so many different things , it scares me .
10 years have passed but play in the constructor still want , because Minecraft enthralled me more than World of Warcraft .
10 years have passed but I still want to play with the constructor , because Minecraft enthralled me more than World of Warcraft .
Ten years have passed but I know I still want to be a builder , because Minecraft has enthralled me more than World of Warcraft .
Feel myself like a kid which gave million details for Lego .
I feel like a kid which gave a million details for Lego .

Essay : Do you agree with making the smoking area ?
Essay : Do you agree with making a smoking area ?
I 'm writing this article to improve my academic writing ability .
I 'm writing this essay to improve my academic writing ability .
Please correct any mistakes and mention whether you found this essay to be convincing or not .
Question : The university is considering making the smoking area in the university .
Question : The university is considering making a smoking area ; Do you agree ?
Question : The university is considering making a smoking area ; Do you agree ?
Do you agree ?
Explain .
I agree that make the smoking area and restrict smokers to smoke only there .
I agree that making a smoking area is a good idea , restricting smokers to smoke in a specific location only .
As we know , smoking has bad effects on our health .
In addition , passive smoking has been said to have most negative effect among all effects of smoking .
In addition , passive smoking has been said to have the most negative effect among all effects of smoking .
It is a pity that many people are affected by the secondhand smoke , although they do not smoke and try to care care of their body .
It is a pity that many people are affected by the second - hand smoke , although they do not smoke themselves and try to take care of their own bodies .
The university should set up the smoking area and protect them from the smoke .
For this reason , I strongly agree with the above idea .

about breast cancer operation
Today , I will talk about a breast cancer operation .
We started a new procedure from 1994 .
We started a new procedure in 1994 .
This procedure is superior to a conventional breast preserving surgery .
This procedure is superior to conventional breast - preserving surgery .
Because this method is use a fat flap , not a muscle , so that a operated breast would not be hard .

Today 's my topic is about dance .
Today my topic is about dance .
Does everyone know any about dance ? ?
Does everyone know much about dance ? ?
Maybe not so much , I think . . . lol
Nowaday dancing has a lots of style so we can tell the difference between `` old school `` and `` new school `` about dancing .
Nowadays dancing has lots of styles so we can tell the difference between `` old school `` and `` new school `` about dancing .
Old school has many popular style that you may have ever heard before .
Old school has many popular styles that you may have never heard before .
`` Breakin `` , `` Poppin `` , `` Lockin `` and `` Hip - Hop `` are old school dance which style became famous in 1970 's - 1980 's .
`` Breakin `` , `` Poppin `` , `` Lockin `` and `` Hip - Hop `` are old school dances which became famous in the 1970 's - 1980 's .
Poppin is my best dancing style whch movements are so freaky .
Poppin is my best dancing style in which the movements are so freaky .
I recomended you to watch this dance if you interested in it or you have never watched it .
I recommend you watch this dance if you are interested in it or you have never watched it .
I 'm sure you 'll be surprised ! ! !
New school dance became popular in 1990 's .
New school dance became popular in the 1990 's .
`` House dance `` , `` Hip - Hop ( L .
A style ) `` , `` Girls Hip - Hop `` , `` Krump `` and so on . . .
These styles are called new school .
I do n't know about these because these style 's history is not much as deep as old school , so I just know the concept that `` make own moves whatever you like `` .
I do n't know about these because these style 's history is not as deep as old school , so I just know the concept of `` make your own moves whatever you like `` .
That 's new school .
If anybody wants to know more about dance , coment me please !
If anybody wants to know more about dance , comment me please !
I 'll study more about dance then I can tell you about it !
Finally , Thanks for reading such a boring diary .
Finally , thanks for reading such a boring diary .
Have a nice day !

The first contact .
This is the first time to talk with people who are using skype .
It was really interesting .
I have n't got used to it , but I really want to keep motivate to talk with someone .

When my two - year - old daughter and I were in the bathroom , we heard a thunder .
Then she jumped from the toilet and started to run away like a duck with her diaper at her ankles .
Then she jumped from the toilet and started to run away like a duck with her diaper around her ankles .

Job satisfaction
Job satisfaction is becoming increasingly important to employees and society as a whole .
It could allow people to live delightful lives .
It allows people to live delightful lives .
Also , it can boost the efficiency of their work and contribute to the societal well - being .
There is a host of factors lead to job satisfaction .
There is a host of factors leading to job satisfaction .
To begin with , the environment of the office is essential for workers to gain job satisfaction .
Provided that a person worked in a noisy and cramped room , it is less likely to satisfy his job ; therefore , good environment is required .
Provided that a person worked in a noisy and cramped room , he is less likely to be satisfied ; therefore , a good environment is required .
The employers could equip their office with sophisticated facilities as possible as they can , in order to afford workers comfort and convenient .
The employers could equip their office with sophisticated facilities as much as they possibly can , in order to provide workers comfort and convenience .
For anther thing , it is very helpful to adopt a human - oriented regulation and rules in the office .
There is no need for the boss to look his staffs over their shoulders .
There is no need for the boss to look at his staff over their shoulders .
As we know , harsh supervision would probably pose severe psychological strain to employees .
Harmonious ambience could contribute to job satisfaction substantially .
In addition , corporations can , every so often , organize some creational activities , which may let the worker feel a sense of belonging .
In addition , corporations can , every so often , organize some recreational activities , which may let workers feel a sense of belonging .
It is generally accepted that people want to be recognized on their work .
It is generally accepted that people want to be recognized for their work .
Practically , everyone wants to have a valued and valuable work .
So employers should give enough opportunities to employees to choose the positions which suit them well .
In this case , these employees would feel enthusiastic and motivated without feeling their work monotonous .
In such case , employees would feel enthusiastic and motivated without feeling that their work is monotonous .
A rewarding policy also should be established .
When an individual perform exceptionally on his work , the rewarding would inspire him to be more diligent , and this , in turn , will benefit the company .
When an individual performs exceptionally well in his work , the rewards would inspire him to be more diligent , and this , in turn , will benefit the company .
Although job satisfaction is so significant , it is unrealistic to have all workers feel satisfactory on their work .
Although job satisfaction is very significant , it is unrealistic to have all workers feel satisfied in their work .
However , measures should be taken to achieve this goal , getting more people have job satisfaction as possible as we can .
However , measures should be taken to achieve this goal , getting as many people having job satisfaction as we possibly can .
We really should emphasize on job satisfaction of workers .
The existing practicable and effectual actions should be carried out while new steps are being taken in to consideration seriously .
The existing practicable and effectual actions should be carried out while new steps are taken into consideration seriously .

Is it righat ? to my english .
I wrote diary two times today .
I write in my diary two times today .
I 'll go to job .
I go to my job .
But I hate working .
But , I hate working .
Stick with me !
I watched movie recently at a theater .
I watched a movie recently at a theater .
I watched lovery bone .
I watched Lovely Bone .
It was interesting .
It was an interesting and
very sad and heartrending story .
very sad story .
I like this movie .
I liked this movie .
I think everyone should watch the movie .
I think everyone should watch this movie .
thank you for looking my diary .
Thank you for looking my diary .
Christmas Eve
It snowed in Christmas Eve .
It snowed on Christmas Eve .
It 's very romantic so many lovers went out for a data .
It was very romantic , so many lovers went out on dates .
It seems like Valentines ' Day than Christmas Eve in China .
It felt more like Valentines ' Day than Christmas Eve in China .
Do n't you think so ? What about other countries ? Does Christmas Eve seem like Valentines ' Day , too ?
Do n't you think so ? What about in other countries ? Does Christmas Eve seem like Valentines ' Day , too ?

I watched cinema
Yesterday , I watched cinema .
Yesterday , I watched some movies at a theater .
I went to LaLaport shopping centre .
My life is frist time , I watched two cinema one day .
For the first time in my life , I watched two movies in one day .
I watched cinema 's title that `` The rite `` and `` King 's speech `` .
I watched `` The Rite `` and `` King 's speech `` .
My English teacher recommed King 's speech that I can learn british English .
My English teacher recommed `` King 's speech `` , because I could learn British English .
And I prefer exorcist cinema .
But , I preferred the exorcist film .
Because , I believe an angel and a devil .
I believe in angels and the devil .
Two cinema 's is great intersting .
I will be you can go to the cinema .
I will go with you to the theater ! ( Maybe ? )

What is the diffrence between `` beside and aside `` ?
Hi to all my dear friends ,
Once more again , I had a question from my friend that what is the diffrence between `` beside and aside `` ?
He answered me :
beside is a preposition , so it always go before a noun or noun phrase
beside is a preposition , so it always goes before a noun or noun phrase
beside is a preposition , so it always goes before a noun or noun phrase
beside = at the side of
The table is beside the bed .
aside is an adverb so it qualifies a verb
aside = to the side , out of the way
After he finished his meal , he pushed his plate aside .
I hope it is useful again for you : )

My mother makes UMEBOSHI every year in my family .
Generally it called a pickled ume in English .
Generally it is called a pickled plume in English .
UMEBOSHI is one of the most popular traditional Japanese food in Japan .
UMEBOSHI is one of the most popular traditional Japanese foods in Japan .
UMEBOSHI is one of the most popular traditional Japanese foods in Japan .
It tastes very salty but good with rice .
It tastes very salty but it is good with rice .
Especially UMEBOSHI puts down in a center of a box lunch only rice called HINOMARU - BENTO .
Often UMEBOSHI is put down in the center of a box lunch with only rice called HINOMARU - BENTO ,
UMEBOSHI is often placed in the center of a box lunch that only has rice . It is called HINOMARU - BENTO .
Because it looks like the flag of Japan .
because it looks like the flag of Japan .
because it looks like the flag of Japan .

Japanese pampas grass
Japanese pampas grass are very popular plants in Japan .
Japanese pampas grass is a very popular plant in Japan .
They are often seen in autumn .
It is often seen in autumn .
Indeed I took this picture this autumn .
Japanese pampas grass were so popular that we could see them riverside anywhere .
Japanese pampas grass was so popular that we could see it near rivers everywhere .
However , I think they are getting decreasing .
However , I think there is getting to be less of it .
I seldom see them in Tokyo .
I seldom see it in Tokyo .
This is why I bought them .
This is why I bought some .
But I am sad that I must buy even pampas grass to see .
But I am sad that I must buy pampas grass to even see it .
I used to enjoy the nature and feel the changing seasons when I was in a childhood .
I used to enjoy the nature and feel the changing seasons when I was a child .
So I display some flowers in my room at least .
The cherry blossom in spring , the sun flower in summer , the panpas grass in autumn , and so on .
Cherry blossoms in the spring , sunflowers in the summer , panpas grass in the autumn , and so on .
Now I am wondering what I should display in winter .
Now I am wondering what I should display in the winter .
It is getting colder and colder in Japan .

Amount of flour
Noticed that in English recipe sites , amount of flour is measured in volume ( cups ) .
I 've noticed that in English recipe sites , amount of flour is measured in volume ( cups ) .
I think it 's more reasonable than in weight ( grams ) as we usually do in Japan .

I went to visit a grave with my family .
We put many flowers , incense sticks and sweet treats then we prayed for the peaceful repose of our ancestors .
We put many flowers , incense sticks and sweet treats there , and then we prayed for the peaceful repose of our ancestors .
After praying , we ate sweet treats which were put on grave .
After praying , we ate the sweet treats which were put on the grave .
Eating them is considered that we will be able to keep in good health by ancestors ' power .
Eating them is believed to keep one in good health by the ancestors ' power .
I want to keep good health forever .
I want to stay in good health forever .

yesterday
I stayed the night at my friends house yesterday .
I stayed the night at my friend 's house .
Hers house had an air of western - style .
Because her family is christian .
Because her family is Christian .
( My family is not christian .
( My family is not Christian .
so my house have n't also an air of western - style . )
so at my house , it does n't really feel that westernised . )
I have never go abroad .
But I feel foreign to her house .
But it felt foreign at her house .
So house 's atmosphere is changed by people who live in .
So the atmosphere at home changes because of the people who live in it .

Winter Vacation
I am going to graduation from Seoul National University of Techknowledge this year .
I am going to graduate from Seoul National University of Technology this year .
Then I would like to go to a graduate schoo .
Afterwards , I would like to go to a graduate school .
I hope to major in education , so I will study English hard this winter .
I made plans for this winter vacation .
I made plans for this winter vacation .
I will go to abroad with my family .
I will travel abroad with my family .
I and my daunhter want to go to Egypt .
My daughter and I want to go to Egypt .
Especially my daughter would like to see the Great Pyramid at Giza and the Sphinx of Cheops .
My daughter would especially like to see the Great Pyramid at Giza and the Sphinx of Cheops .
After I back to the trip , I will do my best to master English .
After I come back from the trip , I will do my best to master English .
I will try to come true it .
I will try to come true it . ? ?
Also I will volunteer from now on .
I want to help for poor people .
I want to provide help for poor people .
I will visit orphange , and I will take care of the aged .
I will visit an orphange , and take care of the aged .
Though it is very difficult for them to help , I will try it .
Though it is very difficult to help them , I will try .
I always trust myself .
I always trust myself . ? ?
I decide to overcom many sufferings and difficulties .
I will overcome many sufferings and difficulties .
I hope for oan early winter vacation .
I hope for an early winter vacation .
Indeed , I am loooking forward to this winter vacation .

I read comics .
I bought comics name , BAGABONDO .
I bought a comic entitled `` BAGABONDO `` .
I bought a comic entitled , Bagabondo .
This comics stoty about MUSASI MIYAMOTO .
This comic is the story of MUSASI MIYAMOTO .
This comic is about Musasi Miyamoto .
He is very popular in JAPAN .
He is very popular in Japan .
I 'm very interested to him .
I 'm very interested in him .
I 'm very interested in him .

Nice to see you all
Nice to See You All
It 's my first time to use this blog .
This is my first time using this blog .
It 's really surprising that internet can make things easier than how you can imagine .
It 's really surprising that the internet can make things easier than you can imagine .
I hope I could speak English as fluently as possible ! ! !
I hope I can speak English as fluently as possible ! ! !
And thanks everyone who helps me with this ! ! !
And thanks to everyone who helps me with this ! ! !

A talk script for cold calls
Please correct my talk script for cold calls . ( Only introduction )
Here is the fundamental information before you take a look at .
< Who > I will call to only Japanese restaurants who are serving Japanese beer which is our client of baseball team .
< Who > I will only call Japanese restaurants who serve the Japanese beer that is the sponsor of our baseball team .
< What > The product is a small package of baseball tickets .
May I speak to a Manager or an Owner ?
May I speak to the Manager or the Owner ?
My name is ABC calling from DFG professional baseball club .
How are you doing today ?
The reason I called you today is because I introduce our special baseball game ticket package to Japanese restaurants who is serving HIJ beer .
The reason I called you today is because we are introducing our special baseball game ticket package to Japanese restaurants who are serving HIJ beer .
The reason I 'm calling you today is to introduce our special baseball game ticket package to Japanese restaurants who serve HIJ beer .
HIJ is one of our sponsors and we will give a special offer to only HIJ beer customers .
HIJ is one of our sponsors and we will only give this special offer to HIJ beer customers .
The details of a special offer for your business is to provide our 14 voucher tickets for just $ 105 which is same price of 10 ticket vouchers usually .
The details of the special offer for your business is to provide our 14 voucher tickets for just $ 105 which is same price of 10 ticket vouchers usually .
With this special offer your business can get 14 of our voucher tickets for the price of 10 - only $ 105 .
This vouchers are undated tickets and you can use whatever you want for your business like giving them to your customers or your employees as some benefits .
This vouchers are undated tickets and you can use them whenever you want for your business , like giving them to your customers or your employees as some benefits .
These vouchers are undated and can be used whenever you want , and can even be given to customers or employees .
And also $ 10 from your purchasing will go to a donation to relieve the earthquake in Japan through KLM Non - profit Organization .
And also $ 10 from your purchase will go to a donation to relieve the earthquake in Japan through KLM Non - profit Organization .
Also $ 10 from your purchase will be donated to earthquake relief efforts in Japan through the KLM Non - profit Organization .
Is this something interesting to you ?
Are you interested ?

Nice to meet you .
I 'm mitsukuni , Japanese .
I 'm mitsukuni and I 'm Japanese .
I live in Kyoto and go Doshisha university .
I live in Kyoto and go to Doshisha university .
I want to find foreigner because want to speak with skype .
I want to find a foreigner because I want to speak on Skype .
If you interested in Japan or Japanese , Please send me message !
If you 're interested in Japan or Japanese , please send me a message !

My School Days In Australia
I arrived at Perth on 2nd of August 2009 .
I arrived at Perth on the 2nd of August , 2009 .
I went to a English school , St mark 's , for 4 month .
I went to an English school , St Mark 's , for 4 months .
I met a lot of friend from various countries there , China , North Korea , Taiwan , Brazil , India , Switzerland , Turkey . . .
I met a lot of friends from various countries there : China , North Korea , Taiwan , Brazil , India , Switzerland , Turkey . . .
That was a great experience !
If I stayed only in Japan , I could n't have such a nice opportunity to talk with foreign people .
And even nicer , I met a Taiwanese girlfriend there !
And even better , I met a Taiwanese girlfriend there !
It was my best days on my working holiday .
Nowadays , almost all of my friends have gone back to their country , because there visa had expired .
Nowadays , almost all of my friends have gone back to their country , because their visas had expired .
I miss them , but I believe we can see again one day !
I miss them , but I believe we can see each other again one day !

McDonald ' s
I went to McDonald 's .
I went to McDonald 's today .
I ate EBI Filet - o , French Fries and Chicken McNuggets .
It was delicious .

An effective way for learning English
This is a way that I 've been recently practicing .
It is the most enjoyable and effective method I 've encountered - - comes after lang - 8 of course - - so far .
It is the most enjoyable and effective method I 've encountered - - after lang - 8 , of course - - so far .
It is Yahoo Answers .
Yahoo answers is a Yahoo service that enables you to ask and answer questions in several aspects of life .
Yahoo answers is a service that enables you to ask and answer questions on several aspects of life .
You also can write about a problem that has been plaguing you then others would help you with it and give you some advices .
You also can write about a problem that has been plaguing you , so others can help you with it and give you some advice .
Using this service enables you to read some questions written in spoken English , learn some slang and most of all , you get to help others .
This service include around 26 categories such as , Arts & Humanities , Beauty & Style , Computers & Internet , Dining Out , Education & Reference , Entertainment & Music , Family & Relationships . . . , etc .
You can pick your category which represents the type of your question that you want to ask or answer , then type your question or see some questions need answers .
You can pick a category which represents the type of question that you want to ask or answer . Then , type your question or look to see if some questions need answers .
It 's as simple as that .
Only one category that I 'm interested in , Family which is a subcategory of Family & Relationships category .
I 'm only interested in `` Family `` , which is a subcategory of Family & Relationships .
I love reading about others ' problems and help them out as much as I can .
I think reading those problems increase my contentment with what I have .
I think reading those problems increases my contentment with what I have .
Because when you know about others who are dealing with greater issues in their life than your own .
Suddenly , all your problems seem smaller and trivial compared to those problems .
Suddenly , all of one 's own problems seem smaller and more trivial compared to their problems .
They also made some kind of Point System to encourage participation and reward great answers .
So it 's like that ,
So it 's like this :
Begin participating on Yahoo !
Answers One Time - - - > 100 points
Ask a question - - - > - 5 points
Choose a best answer for your question - - - > 3 points
No Best Answer was selected by voters on your question - - - > Points Returned : 5 points
Answer a question - - - > 2 points
Deleting an answer - - - > - 2 points
Log in to Yahoo !
Answers - - - > Once daily : 1point
Answers once daily - - - > 1 point
Vote for an answer
Vote for No best answer
Have your answer selected as the best answer - - - > 10 points
Receive a `` thumbs - up `` rating on a best answer that you wrote ( up to 50 thumbs - up are counted ) - - - > 1 point per `` thumbs - up ``
It 's pretty tempting , Right ?
It 's pretty tempting , right ?
There is also a Leveling System .
There is also a leveling system .
It has 7 levels .
Each level is determined according to the number of points you have along with some other things I do n't understand . : D
Every time my answer gets chosen as the best answer , I feel so happy .
Not because I got 10 points , but because my words were able to solve someone 's problem and give them a peace of mind .
It 's the best thing that could ever make me feel happy .
So come on , let 's help others .
Visit this website , answer some questions , solve some problems and you 'll experience a very satisfactory feeling , you 've never had before .

Hanasaku Iroha Ep . 6
I watched Hanasaku Iroha Ep . 6
This diary is an overview of Hanasaku Iroha Ep . 6 's .
This diary entry is an overview of Hanasaku Iroha Ep . 6 's .
One day , a consultant came from Tokyo .
She is Takako .
She is a young master 's acquaintance .
She is the young master 's acquaintance .
She asserted that this hotel should reform service .
She asserted that the hotel should reform it 's service .
At first , Ohana and Nako were changed a uniform by Takako .
To start , Takako changed Ohana and Nako 's uniforms .
But , the uniform is very indecent .
But , the uniform was very indecent .
Hotel 's callers were very surprised .
The hotel 's callers were very surprised .
The reform was not well .
The reform was not good .
The young master suffered from it .
Ohana proposed another idea .
But Ohana 's grandmother did not accept it .
Afterwards , a male senior - citizen talked about old kimonos .
Ohana thought that Ohana and Nako put on them .
Ohana thought that Ohana and Nako should put them on .
The idea was pleased to hotel 's collers .
The idea was pleasing to the hotel 's callers .
The end .

Docodemo door
It is still hot and humid .
I take a commuter train and a subway to my office .
I take a commuter train and the subway to my office .
It takes about 40 minits altogether .
It takes about 40 minutes altogether .
I ca n't find a seat to sit down , usually .
I usually ca n't find a seat to sit down .
I wish I had a `` dokodemo `` door .
It is a door when you open it you can get into wherever you want whthout moving .
It is a door that when you open it , you can get into wherever you want without moving .
It is from Japanese animation `` Doraemon `` .
It is from the Japanese animation `` Doraemon `` .

Go away for a weekend in Seoul
There are too many people who want get a high grade on TOEIC test .
There are too many people who want get a high grade on the TOEIC .
Actually , I 'm a one of them , too .
I 'm gon na take the test at Seoul city which is a little bit far from my garrison .
I 'm gon na take the test in Seoul , which is a little bit far from my garrison .
It takes about one hour and thirty minute by bus .
It takes about one hour and thirty minutes by bus .
So I 'll go away for a weekend and TOEIC test .
So I 'll go away for a weekend and take the TOEIC .
Even though I did n't get no permission from my boss , I feel like to do so with feeling deviation from my routine life .
I 'll also see my friends , eat out something delicious and buy some books .
I 'll also see my friends , eat something delicious , and buy some books .

My biografy
My biography
All greetings !
greetings !
my name is Lyubasha , Age . . .
Not talk about sad things , in general my daughter already grown up .
Let 's not talk about sad things , in general my daughter is already grown up .
I was born in Almaty , Kazakhstan , now I at Portland , Maine , USA .
I was born in Almaty , Kazakhstan , now I live in Portland , Maine , USA .
Since my childhood I liked to draw , in kindergarten and school girls were standing in the queue so I painted them dolls , especially doll in a swimsuit , and clothes that could be put on these dolls .
Since my childhood I liked to draw , in kindergarten the school girls were standing in the queue so I painted them all dolls , especially doll in a swimsuit , and clothes that could be put on these dolls .
In school notebooks back cover was all drawing with face in school textbooks , all human persons have been corrected , because they seemed nice not enough to me , even grandfather Lenin was transformed into a nice macho !
In school my notebooks back cover was all drawings of faces in school textbooks , all human persons were corrected , because they seemed not nice enough to me , even grandfather Lenin was transformed into a nice macho !
In winter , sitting in a bus , of course , the glass was painted with eyes , lips , etc . . .
In winter , sitting in a bus , , the glass was painted with eyes , lips , etc . . .
In high school I designed the school wall newspaper . . .
and all . . .
and this . . .
and this is my artistic career ended .
and this is when my artistic career ended .
That is my whole artistic experience .
Three years ago a friend showed me her picture on the site where the draw by mouse on a computer , she sad : `` look how I have drawn `` .
I was so impressed by the fact that somebody can create the picture on a computer by mouse .
And so it began . . .
I almost every day , gave out the portrait of movie stars , relatives and friends .
I almost every day , I drew out the portraits of movie stars , relatives and friends .
But the advice to try something living materials waved : that it is not for me , too late to learn .
But I am grateful to my husband , who insisted that I at least tried .
Now I 'm with you here , now I ' am learning to paint the living material .
Now I 'm with you here , now I 'm learning to paint living material .
What this turns out you can see here in my gallery and if you like my work , write comments to my e - mail address and you can order on the picture as a gift to a friend or loved one .

driving a car
Driving a car
I went to Mt .
I went to Mt .
Takao in Japan by the car ; ) I drived only two hour but I was very tired . .
Takao in Japan by car ; ) I drove only for two hours but I was very tired .
I was nervous when I grip a handle of car but the nater hell me , it was really fun .
I wanna go next nice place by the car
I want to go to other nice place by car .

how to manage my mistakes
How do you manage corrections you got on Lang - 8 ?
How do you manage the corrections you get on Lang - 8 ?
I just started to use this web site for my English these days .
And I have got some corrections .
And I have gotten some corrections .
I just read them and understand , but I ca n't remember my mistakes and right expressions .
I just read them and understand , but I ca n't remember my mistakes and correct expressions .
So I am considering to make a note for this , so I can see my mistakes and I can review .
So I am considering making notes for this , so I can see my mistakes and I can review them .
I know some my problems , but it is not easy to correct them when I speak or write in English .
I know some of my problems , but it is not easy to correct them when I speak or write in English .
Learning language is not easy .
Learning a language is not easy .
It takes time , is n't it ?
It takes time , does n't it ?

0309 Decide to quite my job
Decided to quit my job .
0309 Decided to quit my job
I came to feel pain in my back so I decided to ask my boss to lessen my working hours .
I started to feel pain in my back , so I decided to ask my boss to reduce my working hours .
I started to feel pain in my back so I decided to ask my boss to reduce my working hours .
When I told him he told me he need a person who can work from 6 to 2 without break and asked me that I would like to carry on or not .
When I asked him , he told me he needed a person who can work from 6 to 2 without any breaks , and asked me whether I would like to carry on or not .
When I told him , he told me he needed a person who is available to work from 6 till 2 without a break . He then asked me if I would like to continue working there or not .
When I told him , he told me he need a person who could work from 6 to 2 without a break and asked me if I would like to do it or not .
I had to decide at the moment .
I had to decide then and there .
I said no .
I thought my health was more important and it was just casual job .
I thought my health was more important , and it was just a casual job .
I thought my health was more important and it was only a casual job after all .
After our conversation , I told my coworker about that .
After our conversation , I told my coworker about what happened .
After our conversation I told my co - worker about what had happened .
He showed his unhappy .
He was sad .
He was unhappy .

Movable Type Hack - a - son
Movable Type Hack - a - thon
I participated in the web developers event at last Satruday .
I participated in the web developers event last Satruday .
I participated in a web developer 's event last Saturday .
I participated in a web developer 's event last Saturday .
It was called `` Movable Type Hack - a - son `` , a developing event of blogging software called `` Movable Type `` ( hereinafter `` MT `` ) .
It was called `` Movable Type Hack - a - thon `` , a developers ' event for blogging software called `` Movable Type `` ( hereafter `` MT `` ) .
I think some people know the name .
MT is a famous software for blogging , but nowadays it is frequently used as a CMS software in Japan .
MT is famous software for blogging , but nowadays it is frequently used as CMS software in Japan .
MT is a famous software for blogging , but nowadays it is frequently used as a CMS software in Japan .
MT is a famous software for blogging , but nowadays it is frequently used as a CMS software in Japan .
MT is also known as a rival software of WordPress .
MT is also known as the rival software of WordPress .
I use both software , but now I tend to use MT for my job .
I use both , but now I tend to use MT for my job .
I developed some work flow plugin .
I developed a work flow plugin .
The people who gathered at the event were really awesome developers , and I would not be able to pass them in developing eternally - yes , they were really really great developers .
The people who gathered at the event were really awesome developers , and I would never be able to surpass them in developing - yes , they were really really great developers .
I took part in the event for the first time , but it was an interesting experience for me .

Her birthday party
I was invited for the birthday party .
I was invited to the birthday party .
I was invited to a birthday party .
I was very happy .
In fact , I met her for the first time the other day .
Actually , I met her for the first time the other day .
She is not Japanese .
I moved in this village last april , so it is good for me to communicate with a new people .
I moved in this village last april , so it is good for me to communicate with new people .
We went to the Karaoke box in Japan .
It was very fan .
It was very fun .
She sang very well .
After we sang , she payed almost all money .
After we sang , she paid almost for everything .
I said I pay money but she refused it .
I said I could pay but she refused .
In Japan , we tend to treat for the person who has a birthday .
In Japan , we tend to treat the person who has a birthday .
It is a japanese manner .
It is a japanese custom .
It is a Japanese custom .
But , in foreigh country , the person who has a birthday treat the guest ?
But , in foreigh country , the person who has a birthday treat guests ?
But , in a foreign country , does the person who has a birthday treat the guests ?
By the way , my japanese friend in France had a dinner as his friend 's Taiwanais mariage party .
By the way , my japanese friend in France had a dinner at his friend 's Taiwanais mariage party .
By the way , my Japanese friend in France had dinner at his friend 's Taiwanese wedding party .
He proposed all of guests ( 4 people ) to treat for this couple because it 's mariage party .
He proposed all of guests ( 4 people ) to support for this couple because it 's a marriage party .
He proposed that all guests ( 4 people ) treat this couple because it was their wedding party .
Everyone pay money for this couple but he was reproached by 4 guests why they must pay money for a couple .
Everyone paid for this couple but the 4 guests asked why they had to pay for the couple .
This is because it was the couple who made this plan .
This is because the couple had planned it that way .
In foreigh country , it 's not normal ?
In a foreign country , is it not the custom ?

I have a part time job today .
I have to work at a part time job today .
I have worked at a dental clinic since August .
But I often have many mistakes ! !
So I often feel sad when I work .
However when I can do the job completely , I am very happy .
I have to memorize a lot of things , but I like this job : )

There are lots of nationality .
There are lots of nationalities . ( plural )
There are lots of nationalities .
There are lots of different country people living in Auckland .
There are lots of different people from different countries e living in Auckland .
There are lots of people from different countries living in Auckland .
I like here .
I like it here .
I like it here .
The reason why I like here because It is ok if I am difference from others .
The reason why I like it here is because It is ok if I am e different from others .
The reason why I like it here is because it is ok if I am different from others .
Other thing what I like that people are really relaxing and saying `` Do n't worry about it `` when I made a something mistake .
Other thing that I like is that people are really relaxed and say `` Do n't worry about it `` when I made a mistake .
Another thing thatI like is that people are really relaxed and say `` Do n't worry about it `` when I . make mistakes / something wrong
Another thing that I like is that people are really relaxed and saying `` Do n't worry about it `` when I make mistakes .
We might have a misunderstanding each other sometimes because we came from different country and different ideas .
We might have a misunderstanding between each other sometimes because we came from different counriesand have different ideas .
We might have a misunderstanding each other sometimes because we came from different countries and have different ideas .
We might have misunderstandings with each other sometimes because we came from different countries and have different ideas .
But I want to try understand differences as much as I can .
But I want to try to understand the differences as much as I can .
But I want to try to understand these differences as much as I can .
I never leaned about differences when I was in Japan .
I never learned about the differences when I was in Japan .
I never learned about the differences when I was in Japan .
This is a great opportunity to get it for me .
This is a great opportunity for me .
This is a great opportunity for me .

How do you do ?
This is my diary for the first time .
I am writing my diary for the first time .
I am high student and first grade in Japan .
I am a high school student , currently in the first grade , from Japan .
I am going to visit Australia on my school excurcion next February .
I am going to visit Australia for my school excursion next February .
So , I want to improve my English skill and know Australianan culture .
So , I want to improve my English skill and know ( more about ) the Australian culture .
And , I am willing to check your Japanese .

I write in English after a long separation .
Since typhoon traversed japan , it 's getting cool so steeply ! !
Since typhoon traversed japan , it 's getting cool so quickly ! !
I feel that fall does 't come to Japan this year , which everybody knows there are four clearly separated seasons .
I feel that fall might not come to Japan this year , which everybody knows there are four clearly separated seasons .
According to a story , when the news caster said that autumn has n't arrived
According to a story , when the news caster said that autumn would n't arrive
this year , a boy who war born in Oct , in short born in autumn , worries that he wo n't be
this year , a boy who war born in Oct , in other words born in autumn , worried that
celebrated his birthday .
his birthday would n't be celebrated .
What children say and act , always amuses us .
What children say and do , always amuses us .
By the way , I like fall the best of all seasons , because I can try on many kinds of
clothes .
I really like fashion .
When I go shopping , most of my purchases are concerning wears .
When I go shopping , most of my purchases are concerning clothes .
Even though I major in economic , one of my dreams is to be
Even though I major in economy , one of my dreams is to be
a fashion designer .
In the end , I would write the current plan of my life .
First , I make my name and a fortune
through the job involving economic or finance .
through a job involving economic or finance .
Second , I quit the troublesome office work
by my 30 's .
Last , I found a fashion bland `` miki `` .
Last , I would start a fashion brand called `` miki `` .
No matter how we have my dream , it will not cost any money .
I just keep go forward ! !
I just keep going forward ! !

Recovering my iPod touch
I always use iPod touch , which is not most recent one but so - called 2009 later .
I always use my iPod touch , which is not latest model but the so - called 2009 version .
It 's useful to check email , twitter , weather forecast , capital market and so on .
It 's useful to check my email , twitter , the weather , the capital market and so on .
Because it takes time to boot PC , I often use iPod instead , especially in the morning .
Because it takes time to boot up my PC , I often use my iPod instead , especially in the morning .
But today it has something wrong .
But today it has something wrong with it .
For instance , it requires me to input password twice to unlock .
For instance , it requires me to input my password twice to unlock .
I rebooted it but it 's still wrong .
I rebooted it but it 's still malfunctioning .
So now I 'm recovering via iTunes .
So now I 'm restoring it via iTunes .
Maybe I need to set it up again and it would take time , sigh .
Maybe I need to set it up again but that would take time . sigh .

Nice to meet you
Nice to meet you all of you .
Nice to meet you , everyone .
My name is Reika .
I am japanese .
I am Japanese .
Iam office worker .
I am an office worker ,
but There is an opportunities to meet overseas vistor .
and in my job there are opportunities to meet foreign visitors .
So I need English and I want speak English .
So I need English and I want to speak English .
I try study .
I 'll try and study .

office english
I have been North Calolina 2 month since I have had arrived at .
I have been at North Carolina for 2 month .
But unfortunatly , my English skills remain poor .
But unfortunately , my English skills still remain poor .
So , whether more politely expression as below ?
So , which one is more polite ? . The expression is as below :
Could you have me the data ~ ~ ~ ?
Can I have the data ~ ~ ~ ?
Could you give me the data ~ ~ ~ ?
I really wonder .
I really wonder which one should I choose .

The typhoon is coming to Japan .
A typhoon is coming to Japan .
So it also has been raining in Osaka for three days .
So it has been raining in Osaka for the past three days .
It always comes to Japan every June : (
The typhoon comes to Japan every June : (
Typhoons come to Japan every June : (
But one of this time is strong according to whether forecast . . .
My friends live in Okinawa say wind is strong and has being blackout : o
My friends in Okinawa say wind has been strong and there have been blackouts
My friends who lives in Okinawa says the wind is strong and there have been blackouts : o
Tomorrow it will come Kansai area .
Tomorrow it will come to the Kansai area .
And day after tomorrow , it will go Kantou , Touhoku area .
And the day after tomorrow it will go to the Kantou and Touhoku areas
Still , many sufferer live in asylum .
Many people in those areas / regions still live in asylums .
Still , many refugees are living in temporary shelters in those areas .
Strong wind and rain will make ground of mountain weak .
Strong wind and rain will make the ground of the mountain weak .
I hope it wo n't let them more suffer : (
I hope it wo n't let them suffer more : (
I hope it wo n't make them suffer more : (

Skin - care .
This temprory job ends on the end of this month .
This temporary job ends at the end of this month .
This temporary job ends on the end of this month .
I finish my part - time job at the end of this month
It is uncomfortable to stay in unfamilier place .
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place .
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place .
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place .
The worst difficulty about being here is food .
The greatest difficulty about being here is the food .
The worst thing about being here is the food .
I take good care of my complexion by taking a lot of vegetables and not taking bad food .
I take good care of my complexion by eating a lot of vegetables and refraining from bad food .
I take good care of my complexion by eating a lot of vegetables and avoid bad foods .
Even though the food I get here is not made considered the nutrition , it even tastes bad .
So I had my boss buy some vesetables for me .
So , I had my boss buy some vegetables for me .
So I had my boss buy some vegetables for me .
So I asked my boss to buy some vegetables for me .
After I recieved them last night , I kept them in the refrigerater .
After I received them last night , I kept them in the refrigerator .
After I received them last night , I kept them in the refrigerator .
Last night when I got them , I put them in the refrigerator .
But this morning , I found the frozen vegetables in the refrigerator .
But this morning , I discovered that they had frozen overnight .
But this morning , I found the vegetables frozen in the refrigerator .
I am frustrated .

A company has announced that it wishes to build a large factory near your community .
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of this new influence on your community .
Do you support or oppose the factory ?
If company build a large factory near our community , it makes job opportunity around city .
If a company builds a large factory near our community , it will make job opportunities around the city .
However , it may cause air or watter pollution and noise which come from factory disposal .
However , it may cause air or water pollution and noise which comes from factory disposal .
Look at China they are typical example .
Look at China , they are a typical example .
So first , our community have to think about advantages and disadvantages in advance .
Firstly , our community will have to think about the advantages and disadvantages in advance .
I think I support the factory though I wo n't work for there .
I think I will support the factory even though I wo n't work there .
It 's becuase that I 'm still related with them .
It 's because I 'm connected to them .
It 's becuase I 'd still be related to the factory .
Example , though I 'm not working for Toyota , Sony but They earn a lot of money , and then they spend a lot then money circle around the country .
It makes business recovery .
It helps make business recovery .
oh today 's essay is crap .
Oh today 's essay is crap .
Oh , today 's essay is crap .
I ca n't write this well .
I ca n't write this very well .
I just ca n't write this well .

Can I have your number ? ?
Can I have your number ?
What do you associate with when you are asked ?
What do you associate with when you are asked that question ?
What do you associate with that question ?
I assume you think you are asked your cell phone number .
I assume you think you are being asked for your cell phone number .
That phrase is what I had said to the customers over the counter when I ask them to enter their PIN for their debit cards .
That was the phrase I used to ask customers to enter their PIN for their debit cards .
It is embarrassed to say , I 'd never recognized this fault .
It is embarrassing to say , I 'd never recognized this mistake .
I am embarrassed to say that I 'd never realized my mistake .
One day a lady laughed after I said this phrase .
One day a lady laughed after I said this .
`` Do you want to bra bra bra . . . ? ``
I could n't catch her but I wondered why she laughed , of course .
I could n't catch her words , and I wondered why she laughed , of course .
I could n't catch what she said , but of course I wondered why she laughed .
I asked my Canadian friends about the reason .
I asked my Canadian friends for the reason .
I asked my Canadian friends about it .
They said , `` Maybe she said , do you want my cell phone number ?
They said , `` Maybe she said , ' do you want my cell phone number ' ? ``
They said , `` Maybe she said , ' Do you want my cell phone number ? '
Your question is exactly weird . ``
Your question is weird . ``
Your question seems weird . ``
What a fool I was !
I used this phrase over a hundred times !
Now , instead of that , I say `` Can you please enter ( or put ) your number ? `` I am very afraid that there are another wrong sentences I insist they are correct .
Now , instead of that , I say `` Can you please enter ( or put ) your number ? `` I am very afraid that there are nother wrong sentences I think are correct .
Now , instead of that , I say `` Can you please enter ( or put in ) your number ? `` I am very afraid that there are other wrong sentences that I am insisting are correct .
Now I say instead , `` Can you please enter ( or put ) your number ? `` I am very afraid that I am using more wrong sentences that I think are correct .
As if the sentence is correct for the grammar , to be wrong possibly occur when I use that sentence in the wrong situation .
Even if the sentence is grammatically correct , I may use it in the wrong situation .
But I could notice the wrong way .
But I would n't notice that I was using it incorrectly .
It 's scary .
That thinking makes me speak low .
That thinking makes me speak softly .
I know it 's not good habit .
I know it 's not a good habit .
By the way , `` could I have your signature on it ? `` ( as pointing the receipt ) This is correct , is n't it ? ?
By the way , `` could I have your signature on this ? `` ( while pointing to the receipt ) . This is correct , is n't it ? ?

I was not satisfied .
My friend leave our club .
Ceramics club .
ceramics club .
He loved ceramics , but he could n't stand his job .
He entered an organization for our club .
He entered an organization for my club .
At the organization , he worked busily with another club members .
It 's very important job , and too hard to his continued .
It 's a very important job , and he felt it was too hard to continue .
There are more unreasonables and contradictions peculiar to Japan than difficulty .
There are more unreasonables [ ? ? ? ] and contradictions peculiar to Japan than difficulty .
But , there are circumstances at the orgnization .
But , there are circumstances at the organization .
They can not change at once .
He was not satisfied that system .
He was not satisfied with that system .
I was not , too .
He disliked going the jobs .
He disliked doing the jobs .
And he disliked being our club .
And he disliked being in my club .
Because since he continues this club , he must go the job .
But since he continues to go to this club , he must go do the job .
He leave our club .
He left our club .
But he loved ceramics .
It 's a very complex trouble .

I attend the igo class today .
I attended the igo class today .
At first , I did n't know how to be a good player .
But soon , one of the francese come to teach us
But soon , one of the francese came to teach us
because he has learned igo before ,
because he had already learned igo
so he told us some point about igo .
so he told us some things about igo .
After that , I think my igo technique is a little better .
After that , I think my igo technique got a little better .
Thank you very much
Thank you very much
I was reading Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's stone a few days ago .
I found a sentence which was ended with `` thank you very much `` .
I found a sentence which ended with `` thank you very much `` .
I felt it was very sudden , so I did n't understand the meaning .
To whom ?
From who ?
I asked my friends what does the `` thank you very much `` mean , and they fought me that it was just saying .
I asked my friends what does the `` thank you very much `` mean , and they taught me that it was just a saying .
I asked my friends what does the `` thank you very much `` mean , and they thought that it was just a saying .
It was very interesting .
I am coming to Australia in a few days .
I am going to Australia in a few days .
Now Japanese government is buying a lot of US dollar , and the exchange rate changed .
Now the Japanese government is buying a lot of US dollars , and the exchange rate changed .
I wanted Japanese government not to do such thing after my travel at least .
I did n't want the Japanese government to do such thing , or at least wait until after my travels .
I did n't want the Japanese government to do that not before my travels anyway .

My favorite movie .
My favorite movie is `` A PARFECT WORLD `` .
My favorite movie is `` A PERFECT WORLD `` .
It is the movie starring Kevin Costner .
The directer is Clint Eastwood .
`` Buch `` is the name of main character acted by Kevin Costner .
I like the scene where Buch is dying .
Buch is criminal who killed some people .
Buch is a criminal who killed some people .
He escape from police .
He escaped from the police .
He kidnapped a kid on the way .
Fainaly , Buch dead because a policeman acted by Clint Eastwood .
Finally , Buch died because of a policeman acted by Clint Eastwood .
Buch says goodbye to the kid .
Buch cultivated a friendship with the kid involuntarily .
This movie is so sad , but their friendship is so beautiful .
I always cry when I see the scene where Buch and the kid 's separation .
I always cry when I see the scene where Buch and the kid separate .

writing test !
Dear Sir ,
I just received the letter from you , I am writing to apologies about the noise of my family .
I just received the letter from you , I am writing to apologize about the noise with my family .
I have a sin , he is a university student .
I have a fault , he is a university student .
Recently , he is making a big model house , because it is his homework .
His major is artitechture , so the homework is very important for him .
My wife and I know his working is very noisy , forexample , cut wood boads , color on spray and use a chain saw , etc .
My Husband and I know that his work is very noisy , for example , cutting wood boards , color on spray and using a chain saw , etc .
Unfortunately , his university told every students to do the home work in your house or lent a house .
Unfortunately , his university told every student to do the homework at home or rent a house .
There are only expensive rooms in this town , we do not afford to pay the rent .
There are only expensive rooms in this town , so we can not afford to pay the rent .
We will be very grateful if you understand our reason .
We will be very grateful if you can understand our reason .
My sin wants to apologize about thus problem to you and another neighborhoods .
I want to apologize about this problem to you and to the other neighbors .
He will go to your house next Sunday night .
He will go to your house next Sunday evening .
I would be grateful if you accept his apologize .
I will be very grateful if you can accept his apology .
I am so sorry to have caused you any trouble and I hope that you will understand .
Haruna Nasu ,

After my writing last diary , more than 3 months have passed .
After writing my last diary entry , more than 3 months have passed .
It is my bad habit to give up what I 've started in a few days .
It is a bad habit to give up what I 've started in a few days .
I try studying programing and algorithm , but they are too difficult for me to understand .
I try studying programing and algorithms , but they are too difficult for me to understand .
I respect the people who can use them freely .
I respect the people who can use them freely .
In japan , it is 2 : 00 am .
In Japan , it is 2 : 00 am .
I 'm realy wakeful and hungry .
I 'm realy wakeful and hungry .
I 'm eating `` DORAYAKI `` .
I 'm eating `` DORAYAKI `` .
It is delicious .
It is delicious .
If you come to Japan and eat it , you 'll be happy .
If you come to Japan and eat it , you 'll be happy .

introduction
please help me to develop my English
Please help me to develop my English .
I need your help
I need your help .
thank you !
Thank you !

Night Bus
I have gotten on a night bus for the first time .
I got on a night bus for the first time .
Although I worried about getting to sleep , I could get to sleep soon .
Although I worried about getting to sleep , I was able to go to sleep quickly .
It was more comfortable than I thought .

: ) I would like try this webside , but I dont 't know how do it .
: ) I would like try using this website , but I do n't know how it works
: ) I would like try this website out , but I do n't know how to use it .
Can you help me ?

I want to learn english
study english is hard for me ! but I will insist on !
studying english is hard for me , but I will continue !
I wish to I can find person who are learning chinese ! so we can help each other !
I wish that I could find a person who is learning chinese , so we can help each other !

Big disappointment by Sumo .
Big disappointment by Sumo . Disappointed by sumo
I am not a Sumou fan and do n't have a favorite Sumo wrestler .
I am not a Sumo fan and do n't have a favorite Sumo wrestler .
But I am very disappointed the news about fixed matches of Sumo as a Japanese .
But , as a Japanese , I am very disappointed over the news match fixing in Sumo .
Recently Sumo get a great intrest among foreigners as part of Japanese traditional culture .
But Sumo is not only part of culture but also a national sport .
But Sumo is not only part of our culture but also a national sport .
Playing a sport as a player requires sportsmanship with fair play all over the world .
I do n't understand why they can make their job spoiled by themselves .
I do n't understand why they would spoil their jobs .
In this case , they will be given the sack , but I am wondering how to retrieve Sumo wrestler 's sportsmanship as a professional player and get fans again .
In this case , they will be given the sack , but I am wondering how to retrieve Sumo wrestler 's sportsmanship as a professional player and attract fans again .
I hope they should know how many people disappointed by this news in the world .
I hope they know how many people in the world are disappointed by this news .

Nice to meet you !
I joined this site today from Tokyo !
I wanna learn English and Chinese : )
I have been to UK and USA for sightseeing
and loved museums and nature of the countryside .
I hope to go again if I can !
Here is one of favorite places in UK , The Cotswolds .
Here is one of my favorite places in the UK , The Cotswolds .
I walked the long way public footpath to Bath where is old beautiful city with Roman bath .
I took the long way to the public footpath , to Bath . next to a old beautiful city with Roman bath .
All English persons who I met on the path said ' Hello ! ' .
All English people who I met while on the path said ' Hello ! ' .
Almost all English people are so friendly !
Almost all English people are really friendly !
This region is called ' Cumbria ' ,
I could see plenty of fossils such as ammonites and shells on the hills .
Plz teach me if I use wrong English : - )

I want many English podcasts
I 'm trying to listen to double speed English podcasts to make English ears .
I 'm trying to listen to double speed English podcasts to make my ears get used to hearing English .
So I want to subscribe many interesting English podcasts .
So I want to subscribe to many interesting English podcasts .
So I want to subscribe to as many interesting English podcasts as possible .
Would you know useful keywords to find English podcasts on iTunes ?
Do you know any useful keywords to find English podcasts on iTunes ?
I already tried `` ESL `` and `` English story `` , and found some useful podcasts .
Thank you .

wow it 's Octorber NOW !
Wow , it 's October NOW !
I thought August was recently . .
I feel like it was just August .
It was starting of September .
September was just starting .
: 0 Shocked me / .
But , truly I want time passes fast .
Today , I do n't know why .
But I was tired so much .
Though I was in my house whole day .
Though I was in my house the whole day .
From Friday , My throat hurts .
I wrap a green bandana .
Is it same in your country ?
Is it the same in your country ?
If you wrap a bandana when you have sore throat .
Do you wrap a bandana around your neck when you have a sore throat .
I wonder if I have fever now or not .
I wonder if I have a fever now or not .

The Fifth of August
I am exhausted because I went to Osaka again today to take another painting class .
I 'm exhausted because I went to Osaka again today to take another painting class .
I took an Imari painting class today .
I am planning to paint something for my Texan friend .
I ordered some art books of Imari painting to my painting teacher .
I ordered some art books of Imari painting for my painting teacher .
I am excited that I will be able to some pretty designs on the books .
I am excited that I will be able to use some of the pretty designs from the books .
I really would love to improve my painting skills more .
I really would love to improve my painting skills .
So , I have to practice much further !
So , I have to practice more !

I studied about the quality control for my test .
I studied about quality control for my test .
I studied about quality control for my test .
I studied quality control for my test .
The QC is very interesting ! !
QC is very interesting !
QC is very interesting ! !
It is a system to make fine goods required by Buyer in economically .
It is a system to make fine goods economically feasible for the buyer .
I think the Buyer is always require fine goods , but the manufacturer want to make goods in low cost .
I think the consumer always requires fine goods , but the manufacturer wants to make goods at a low cost .
I think the buyer always requires fine goods , but the manufacturer want to make goods at a low cost .
I think consumers always require fine goods , but manufacturers want to make goods inexpensively .
The relation of them is never change .
The relationship betwen them never changes .
The relation between them never changes .
The relationship between them will never change .
What is the thing to fulfill the Buyer ?
What does it take to fulfill the consumer ?
What is the thing that satisfies the buyer ?
What does it take to fulfill the wishes of consumers ?

Sleep , sugar
Have you overslept at least once in your life ?
I am always doing it .
I am the night owl and the contemporary style of life for me is a disaster .
I began to study on September , 1 .
I have to wake up at 6 . 15 but I 've managed to do it only once so far .
In the morning I solemnly swear that I will go to sleep at 10 pm , at 11 at latest .
In the morning I solemnly swear that I will go to sleep at 10 pm , at 11 at the latest .
If I sleep 4 - 5 hours in the night during the whole week I will have to want to go to sleep in the evening , have n't I ?
If I sleep 4 - 5 hours at night during the whole week I will have to want to go to sleep in the evening , wo n't I ?
Nothing of the kind !
At 00 . 00 I have enough strength and spirit to clean all my flat , solve math problem and run a cross .
My body demands a disco !
How nice of him . ) )
And then morning is and `` Somebody , kill me ! ``
And then morning comes and `` Somebody , kill me ! ``
I have some points from the native English speakers but I do n't know for what post they were given .
If you think my language is good enough let me know it with a little comment , please .

you know & you know what
what is difference between `` you know `` and `` you know what ``
what is the difference between `` you know `` and `` you know what ``
I can use `` you know `` in conversation but I ca n't use `` you know what `` properly .

Shit happens .
I 'm sooo angry about one stupid girl . . > < Ooooh . .
She knows , how I hate when the people with whom I 'm in close communion do like this ! !
She knows , how I hate it when the people with whom I 'm in close communication act like this ! !
> < Why did she do it ? ? !
AAA ! ! !
I ' M ANGRY - ANGRY - ANGRY ! ! !
She 's not my friend , I just do n't know the word in english which I may use inthis situation . .
She 's not my friend , I just do n't know the word in English which I may use in this situation . .
She 's my classmate with whom I may go for a walk or we may laugh together . .
We are n't friends and I was trusting her till these days only for one half , but know . . .
We are n't friends and I was half - trusting her till these days , but now . . .
I know exactly that I do n't want to be with her almost - friends ( maybe , fellows ?
I know exactly that I do n't want to be almost - friends ( maybe , fellows ? ) with her
or comrades ? ) anymore .

It was too hot today !
Today 's highest temperature was 35 degrees in Osaka .
Today 's high was 35 degrees in Osaka . ( shorter and natural )
It was unusual !
We have to save on electricity because nuclear power plants are n't running due to the accident of Fukushima .
We have to save electricity because nuclear power plants are n't running due to the accident at Fukushima .
We have to conserve electricity because nuclear power plants are n't running due to the accident in Fukushima .
So we use air - conditioner as little as possible .
So we use the air - conditioner as little as possible .
So we have to use air - conditioners as little as possible .
I worry that old people and children will die of heat stroke .
I am worried that old people and children will die of heat stroke .
I hear that 4 people dead of heat stroke in Japan today . . .
I heard that 4 people died of heat stroke in Japan today . . .
I hope that it will not be too hot this summer .

I participated in an activity of my English club yesterday .
I went to Kinki University and communicated people who belonged to other universities .
I went to Kinki University and communicated with people who belonged to other universities .
After we talked , we began to practice English .
Yesterday 's event was `` debate `` .
Yesterday 's event was a `` debate ``
We debated about `` Should Japanese government raise consumption tax , or not `` .
We debated `` Should the Japanese government raise the consumption tax , or not `` .
I debated for the first time in two months .
I was the opposition side , and had to argue that Japanese government should n't raise consumption tax .
I was on the side that had to argue that the Japanese government should n't raise the consumption tax .
In my speech , I was very nervous and could n't speak well .
In short , I could n't say what I wanted to say .
I could refute the rival 's argument , but could n't speech my argument logically .
I could refute the rival 's argument , but could n't argue logically .
I 'm neither used to speaking in company nor speaking in English .
I 'm neither used to speaking in public nor speaking in English .
After all I won the debate , but I made some mistakes .
In the end I won the debate , but I made some mistakes . .
I have to practice hard more .
I have to practice harder
It 's my day off today , so I 'll go to the library and read books for a change .

Obon Season in Japan
Here in Japan , anual events with a family reunion are only shogatsu ( same as the happy new year event ) and obon ( which is held in the meddle of August ) .
Here in Japan , the only annual events with a family reunion are shogatsu ( same as New Year 's Day ) and obon ( which is held in the middle of August ) .
So we are in obon season .
and I returned to my hometown and met my family and relatives same as everyone does .
Shockngily my room that I used to use became my father 's hobby room , so I spent a time and slept in the guest room but that was not so uncomfortable .
Shockingly , the room that I used to use became my father 's hobby room , so I slept in the guest room but that was not so uncomfortable .
It 's been a while since I ate my mother 's cuisine .
that was so great and too many to eat .
It was so great and there was too much to eat .
It was a good obon for me .

Sapporo Snow Festival
`` Sapporo Snow Festival `` is one of big and famous winter event in Japan .
`` Sapporo Snow Festival `` is one of big and famous winter events in Japan .
`` Sapporo Snow Festival `` is one of the biggest and most famous winter events in Japan .
Sapporo is in Hokkaido Prefecture , it is north Japan .
Sapporo is in Hokkaido Prefecture in the north of Japan .
The festival is held in February every year .
There are lots of big snow statues and sculptures .
I have n't ever gone there .
I have never beenthere .
I am sure it will be cold !
I bought a knit cap and warm socks .
I 'm looking forward to the festival .

The first diary
The first entry
It is Valentine soon .
It is Valentine 's Day soon .
It will be Valentine 's Day soon .
I made chocolate today .
I made some chocolate today .
The slightly early reason is because I go to Tokyo from 14th .
The reason I made it slightly early is because I will go to Tokyo from the 14th .
Today , I made Truffe .
It was very delicious .
However , I dislike chocolate .
But I must taste .
But I had to taste it .
I eat chocolate now and feel sick .
Because I 've eaten chocolate now , I feel sick .
If I go to the U .
to study and get chocolate , what do you do ?
to study and I am given chocolate , what should I do ?
I say that I dislike it clearly , and is not it rude ?
If I say that I dislike it is it not rude ?
Please teach British all of you .

Please correct my English .
My daughter has got a rash because she touched some insects on the glass area .
My daughter has a rash because she touched some insects on the grass .
I have already put medicine on her .
Thank you .

Snowing ! !
In my city , It was snowing again .
So I can enjoy snow scene ^ ^
Now I can enjoy the snowy scenery .
I hate a cold , But I like snow scenes ! ! < 3
I hate the cold , but I like the snowy scenery ! ! < 3
Do you like snow scenes ? ?
If your answer is `` YES `` , maybe you like a view of my town ! ! * ^ ^ *
If your answer is `` YES `` , maybe you 'll like to view my town ! ! * ^ ^ *

Pan 's Labyrinth ( movie )
I watched `` Pan 's Labyrinth `` on DVD .
I wanted to watch a fantasy like `` Harry Potter `` .
My husband chose `` Pan 's Labyrinth `` .
He said `` It 's like a girl 's fantasy .
I think it 's a movie for children .
I 'm sure it 's an exciting adventure ! `` .
We watched it .
It was more a dark fantasy than an adventure fantasy .
The background was the Spanish Civil War .
It had a heavy theme and there was a little cruel scene .
I think it is n't a movie for children !
I do n't think it 's a movie for children !
I could n't take my eyes off it .
It 's a good movie and I like it .
It 's a good movie and I like it
But I wanted to watch a happy movie today .
but I wanted to watch a happy movie today .

I want to make friends with other country , s people .
I want to make friends from all over the world .
unfortunatly I can , t explan my mind in english .
because my english is not very good , but I am working on it .
because I 'm not that good at English but I 'm working on it .
I believe I will good at it .
I believe I will be a good English speaker someday .

My friend had an iPhone , I envied her .
My friend had an iPhone and I envied her .
At the end of last year , I bought an iPhone , too .
I do n't know very well how to use it yet .
I do n't know how to use it very well yet .
I called and sent mails to my friends .
I called and sent emails to my friends .
I downloaded a few applications .
My favorite is `` iHusky `` .
It is a virtual pet application .
I named my virtual husky `` Andy `` .
He is lovely !
Please tell me if you have your recommendable applications .
Please tell me if you have your any applications that you recommend .

`` Good morning ``
The rain continued all night .
I have the fifth music classes out of the sixth period today .
After classes , I have meeting with students .
After classes , I will have a meeting with students .
I will busy day today again .

A day in Akihabara
Picture 1 : `` Gundam Cafe `` in Akihabara .
Gundam is a well - known TV Animation in Japan .
I 've never seen it before , because I 'm not interested in Anime at all .
I 've never seen it before though , because I 'm not interested in Anime .
Picture 2 : A cosplayed girl in front of Gundam Cafe .
Picture 2 : A girl cosplaying in front of Gundam Cafe .
She is cute , is n't it ?
She is cute , is n't she ?
Of course I 'm so interested in her .
Of course I 'm interested in her .
( A man reflected on the window is me .
( The man reflected in the window is me .
Ha ha . )
Picture 3 : A car on the street .
I applaud this car 's owner for his creativity and absolute shamelessness .

traffic jam with AC / DC
I stuck in a traffic jam on the way home from work .
I was stuck in a traffic jam on the way home from work .
My office is around 10 km away from my house .
It usually takes about 30 minutes .
But today , it took much time .
I listened to almost twice a whole AC / DC 's album `` BLACK ICE `` .
They are great because they did n't make me irritate in the jam , are n't they ?
Speaking of AC / DC , have you ever watched the movie `` Maximum Overdrive `` ?
I would n't recommend that complete silly movie , but , to be honest , I liked it .
I would n't recommend that completely silly movie , but , to be honest , I liked it .
I ca n't forget the unique looking of the actress played as a bride in that movie . . .
* * * * *
I wrote `` My office is around . . . `` , but actually I feel uncomfortable saying `` my office `` because it 's not MY office .
It 's about the office I 'm working .
It 's about the office I work at .
Can I say my office even if I 'm an employee ?

I like to watch cartoon and sometime I like watch japan cartoon with my younger brother .
I like to watch cartoons and sometime I to like watchJapanesecartoon with my younger brother .
First time I did n't want see cartoon because I did n't know Funny cartoon and movies .
First time I did n't want see cartoons because I did n't know anything about Funny cartoon or movies .
I saw first Tom and Jerry cartoon .
My brother is fan of tom and Jerry .
I can draw a art and cartoon heros .
I can draw cartoon heros .
So cartoon arters work hardly everycartoon I love Tom and jerry
So cartoon artists work hard , out of every cartoon I love Tom and jerry

I 'm back
from Tokyo .
I spend so good time in Tokyo that I am very tired .
I had such a good time in Tokyo , that I am very tired .
I do n't have time to take a rest bacause I have a lot of report to write by Saturday .
I do n't have time to take a rest because I have a lot of reports to write by Saturday .
On Saturday , I go to Canada .
I hope that I do n't have to sleep until I finish them all . . .
I hope that I do n't fall asleep until I finish them all . . .
it 's impossible though ! !

Start From Here
It 's been a long time since my last diary .
And now I 'm not s student anymore . .
And now I 'm not a student anymore . . / / just a typo
it 's kind of sad : (
This year is meaningful to me because of the overseas internship in MI .
I do learn a lot from this journey including the different educational system , teaching strategies , and so on .
I miss everything there , people I met , lovely students , weather , culture , food , etc .
Though now I 'm in Taiwan , part of me still stay in MI .
I know it 's the end amd I 'll go back next year after finishing what I should do .
Please wait for me .

teaching japanese class
I have teaching japanese class .
I have been taking a Japanese teaching class .
japanese is difficult , especaly grammer .
Japanese grammar is especially difficult
we often use japanese grammer , but explaination is difficult .
we often use Japanese grammar , but explaining is difficult .
so I have to know more japanese .
and I teach foreigners japanese .
and teach foreigners Japanese .
from yesterday , I 've started japanese teacher 's class .
Yesterday , I started taking a Japanese teacher 's class .
im sleepy . . . .
I aim to teach everyone .
thank you .

Operation TOMODACHI .
military is continuing supporting in 12750 members and 20 vessels and 140 airplanes and brims .
military is continuing supporting Japan using 12750 members and 20 vessels and 140 airplanes and brims .
They named this operation `` TOMODACHI ( means firends ) `` .
Thank you , U .
Thank you , Friends !
I felt hot .
It was hot today .
In Japan it must be a rainy season in June , but today it was fine : )
June is rainy season in Japan , but today it was fine : )
I do n't like a rainy day , so I was happy today .
I do n't like rainy days , so I was happy today .
( But it was too hot : ( . . . )
What weather is it in your country now ?
What is the weather like in your country now ?

Running in the city .
Today , it was `` Les quatre jours de Dunkerque `` and the stage took the roads of our municipality .
The city was locked up . ( Nothing gets in , nothing gets out ) .
The city was locked up . ( Nothing got in , and nothing got out ) .
It 's an important professionnal cycle race .
It 's an important professional cycling race .
It 's an important professional cycling race .
Many children were there ( On wednesday , there is no school ! ) .
There were some spectators .
As I never work on wednesday , I could attend the running race .
As I never work on Wednesdays , I could attend the running race .
As I never work on Wednesday , I could attend the footrace .
Certainly , its n't as `` Paris - Roubaix `` , the dean of the classics , the most known in the world !
We had seen this running race in April because a paved road passes a few kilometres away from the house .

Hi , everybody ! = )
Hi , everybody !
My name is Dasha .
I am 14 years old .
I am from Russia .
I learn English , because English are a global language .
I am learning English , because English is a global language .
I think , that I will allowed to learn this language and we help me in this )
I think that I can learn this language . Will you help me with this ?

if you could change once a moment in your past , what would you choose ?
if you could change one moment in your past , what would you choose ?
in my case , I may go back to 2005 .
In my case , I would go back to 2005 .
At that time , I was in China for studying chinese .
At that time , I was in China to study Chinese .
I had lots of opportunity to have something fun and make freinds , however I did not know it is precious then .
I had lots of opportunities to have some fun and make friends . However , I did not realize at that time how precious an opportunity I had .

Gold Coast Marathon
32th anniversary Gold coast marathon is held on coming this 3rd and 4th of July 2010 .
Participants are anticipated over 25000 people from more than 40 countries .
Gold coast is one of bustiest and famous sight seeing place .
In this term , the city will be alive with heaps of participants , their family , their friends and spectators .
Would you like to participate for running under the blue sky with heaps of runners in one of famous marathon in the world ? ? ! !

Coming soon !
The grand prix of Japan of MotoGP is a later this week .
The `` Grand Prix of Japan `` of MotoGP is later this week .
I will go to the Motegi circuit .
Let 's enjoy it .

The maid has some difficulties .
I rent a room at Indian 's house , and there is an Indonesian maid .
I rented a room at an Indian 's house , and there is an Indonesian maid .
Now she is really stuck because the landlord has n't allowed her to contact her family in Indonesia since she came here .
She is in trouble now because the landlord has n't allowed her to contact her family in Indonesia since she came here .
I do n't understand the maid system ( I think honestly that hiring maid itself is against the human right even if both hope so ) .
I do n't understand the ' maid system ' ( I think honestly that hiring maid itself is against the human right even if both agreed ) .
It 's quite ridiculous to prohibit her to call , mail , have a mobile phone even though I have no idea about Indian way of thinking or their common sence ( or this is not about Indian people but just my landlord indivisual ) .
It 's quite ridiculous to prohibit her to call , mail and to have a mobile phone even though I have no idea about the Indian way of thinking or their common sense ( or this is not about Indian but just my landlord as an individual ) .
I can have her use my phone or PC , but is it no good ?
I can let her use my phone or PC , but is it good or bad ?
I do n't understand why it is a problem to her contact her family .
I do n't understand why it is a problem to let her contact her family .
She is not a child . . .
My landlord also does n't allow her to speak with me or other tenant .
Besides my landlord ca n't speak English at all and I ca n't Tamil either .
Besides my landlord ca n't speak English at all and I ca n't speak Tamil either .
I do n't like any trouble , but should I do something for her ? ?
I do n't want to invite any unnecessary trouble , but should I do something for her ? ?

Japanese tea
I like Japanese tea very much .
There are many kinds of Japanese tea , such as green tea , Matcha , Hojicha , Coarse tea and so on .
There are many kinds of Japanese tea , such as green tea , matcha , Hojicha , coarse tea and so on .
Now , I usually drink green tea and Hojicha .
These teas are low in calories and has some caffeine .
These teas are low in calories and have some caffeine .
These teas are low in calories and have some caffeine .
So , they are useful for waking you up with low calories to some extent .
So , they are somewhat useful for waking up without a lot of calories .
So they are useful for waking you up to some extent with few calories .

cold shower
hi friends
today I had alot of work but I was very lazy today so I am not going to my work and I have training chess I must training so now I will go to sawna and take ashower by cold water however we in awinter but I must take acold shower after sawna and then I will training achess because I will play next week important match please pray to me to win ok
today I had a lot of work but I was very lazyso I am not going to work . I have to go to chess training soon so I need to sit in the sauna and take a cold shower . However , since it is winter , I must take a cold shower after the sauna and then I will go the chess training ( or Chess Class ) because I will play an important match next week . please pray for me to win ok
see you my friends soon
see you soon my friends

I need a friend !
My English is so fool but I can help your Korean study .
My English is so bad but I can help your Korean study .
My English is so poor but I can help your study of Korean .
Would you be my friend ? ( ^ _ _ _ _ _ ^ )
Will you be my friend ? ( ^ _ _ _ _ _ ^ )

ORIGA is a great singer . . . .
her song is all awesome !
Her songs are all awesome !
Russian language has beautiful sound . . .
Russian is a beautiful language . . .
Today , My dad gave me money in several countries ! !
Today , my dad gave me money from several countries ! !
United States Dollar , Canadian dollar , New Taiwan dollar , Euro , Rupiah , UK pound and so on . . . .
I think that the currency of any country is also so wonderful design .
I think that all currencies have such wonderful designs . This sounds more natural .
Japan 's one . . .
Japan 's currency . . .
Yen is a little quiet ? haha : D
I like Canadian dollar , Maple is so lovely ! : heart :
My father 's going to Italy , Germany , and the Netherlands on business next month .
I begged him for some presents , Because I want stamps of each country .
I begged him for some presents , because I want stamps from each country .
They are not obtained in Japan . . .
They ca n't be bought in Japan . . .
I 'd like to go there for myself someday !

Help me please !
I have a problem with my homework . . . .
Can you help me ?
Is this phrases are adjectives ?
Are these phrases adjectives ?
too much traffic
too much traffic
has lots of open space
has lots of open space
lots of nightlife
lots of nightlife < - incorrect usage
good public transport
good public transport
Thank you very much ! ! !

The reason of study English
The reason for studying English
I have been studying English for 6 month .
I have been studying English for 6 months .
I want to take a score 6 . 0 by IELTS .
I want to get a score of 6 . 0 on the IELTS .
My writing score is 4 . 5 , and I have to study more .
My writing score is 4 . 5 , so I have to study more .
If I took the score 6 . 0 , I could go to OET preparation school in Sydney .
If I got a ( score of ) 6 . 0 , I could go to the OET preparation school in Sydney .
I want to know how I can write a English essay in fluency .
I want to know how I could write an English essay fluently .

My learning experience
The desire to learn is perhaps the most extraordinary necessity of a human .
Moreover , the more one learns the easier he finds it to acquire good learning skills .
Moreover , the more one learns the easier one finds it to acquire good learning skills .
And the more he practises his learning style the quicker he learns .
And the more one practices one 's learning style the quicker the learning process becomes .
Personally I have been learning English since early childhood .
Personally , I have been learning English since early childhood .
Personally , since early childhood I have been learning English .
In those days all I wanted was just to know a few words so that to say just a few sentences in class .
In those days , all I wanted was just to know a few words so that I could say just a few sentences in class .
In those days all I wanted was just to know a few words so that I could say a few sentences in class .
It was only in high school that I first felt the joy of learning a foreign languange .
My first authentic resources were ' Three Men in a Boat ' , ' The Godfather ' , ' Great Gatsby ' , ' How to Steal a Million ' , ' ' Snow White and Seven Dwarfs ' .
My passion for reading first came from these books : `` Three Men in a Boat , `` `` The Godfather , `` `` Great Gatsby , `` `` How to Steal a Million , `` and ' ' Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . ``
It seemed like a miracle to be able to understand and speak a foreign language .
Many years have passed since that time .
Many years have passed since then .
I 'm still learning English .
I am still learning English .
Now that I am a grownup and know what my learning style actually is , I can learn a great deal more at a time .
Now that I am an adult and know what my learning style actually is , I can now learn more at a given time .
Having been motivated in high school I think I can hardly stop learning now as I believe there is no end mastering English .
Having been motivated in high school I think I can hardly stop learning now as I believe there is no end to mastering English .
Having been motivated in high school I can hardly stop learning now , because I believe there is no end to mastering English .
Thanks for yout help to improve this passage .
Thanks for your help to improve this passage .
Thanks for your help for improving this passage .

couple 's fight
A couple called it quits because of a spat 7 months ago .
The man , however , sued his ex - girlfriend and filed a claim for all the gifts he gave , which includes 5 packs of dumpling , bug zapper , birthday cakes , SPA fare , high - speed train tickets and vitamin .
The man , however , sued his ex - girlfriend and filed a claim for all the gifts he had given her , which included 5 packs of dumplings , a bug zapper , birthday cakes , SPA fare , high - speed train tickets , and vitamins .
Besides , he also asked for medical fee and mental compensation , which amounts to 10000USD .
Besides that , he also asked for medical fees and mental compensation ammounting to $ 10000 ( US ) .
The judge thinks that the man went overboard and gifts - claiming was without merit so he repealed his filing .
The judge ruled that the man went overboard and that the gift claims were without merit , so he denied the motion .
What a cheapskate !
If I had claimed the whole gifts I sent to the girl I had a crush on , I would have an iphone4 plus PS3 now .
If I had reclaimed all the gifts I sent to the girl I had a crush on , I would have an iPhone4 plus PS3 now .
Not only did they cut the tie but also had retaliation against each other .
Not only did they cut their ties , but they also tried to retaliate against each other .
There 's nothing more ironic than it !
There 's nothing more petty than that !

About myself
I had worked for an American company for 4 years before I left work due to maternity .
I had been working for an American company for 4 years before I took a maternity leave .
I had been working for an American company for 4 years before leaving to take maternity leave .
Now I 'm a homemaker concentrating on raising my daughter in a totally domestic environment ( which is pretty fun ) , but as days go by my English skill is obviously declining . . .
Now I 'm a homemaker and concentrating / focusing on raising my daughter in a totally domestic environment ( which is pretty fun ) , but as the days go by my English skills have obviously been declining . . .
I 've since become a housewife and I 'm concentrating on raising my daughter . I 'm having great fun , but at the days go by my English skills have naturally been declining .
So I 've decided to join this site and seek help for restoring English communication capability . . .
I think I 've written enough for now !
I hope this entry makes sense ! ! ! !

I 'm a straw , but I hate every thing .
Why people step on me ?
Why do people step on me ?
Why do people step on me ?
Why the other straws are so close to me ?
Why are the other straws so close to me ?
Why are the other straws so close to me ?
Why the weather and wind hurt me ?
Why do the weather and wind hurt me ?
Why does the weather and wind hurt me ?
It is painful , I hate everything .
It is painful . I hate everything .
One straw close to me , asking me why I 'm so unhappy .
One straw close to me asked me why I 'm so unhappy .
I said , `` Why the world is so ugly ?
I said , `` Why is the world so ugly ?
They should change . ``
He said , `` Why do n't you change yourself ? ``

First TOEIC exam for me
Yesterday , I took the TOEIC exam at Kagoshima university , in spite of that the date is a hoop game of our team .
This decision seemed not to exist in my head a few months ago , because hoop was truly my life .
I would n't have done this a few months ago , because basketball was my life .
Of course , still now , I love playing Basketball , but it 's not my whole life , I feel .
Of course , I still love playing basketball , but I do n't feel that it 's the most important thing in my life .
I do n't know .
I have no motivation for it ?
Maybe so .
Well , just now , I 'd like to have some rests .
Well , just now , I 'd like to have some rest .
No , I need to do .
By the way , until yesterday , I had never taken the TOEIC exam .
By the way , until yesterday , I have never taken the TOEIC exam .
So I was not sure that how many people there were , and how difficult the actual exam was , I had taken the pre - test before though .
I was n't sure how many people would be there , or how difficult the actual exam was , I had taken the pre - test before though .
A fact , it was difficult for me , but I seemed to enjoy this situation .
In fact , it was difficult for me , but I seemed to enjoy the difficulty .
It 'll take about a month that the result is uploading on the web site , I am waiting for it with the expectation and the uneasiness of it with myself .

My wife went to a circus with our youngest daughter , who is two years old , yesterday .
I heard that our daughter was scared at first , but once she glimpse their performance , she was getting to be interested in it .
I heard that our daughter was scared at first , but once she glimpse their performance , she became interested in it .
She seemed to be satisfied after the show .
Although I ca n't have a chance to talk to her since then , I can imagine her talk .
Although I have n't had a chance to talk to her since then , I can imagine what she would say .
It must be adorable .
I 'm looking forward to talk to her .
I 'm looking forward to talking to her .

Go back to my hometown
I live on my own away from my hometown to study at my college .
I 'm going to go back there soon .
This is my first trip there in six months .
I ' m going on a bus .
I 'm going by bus .
It takes about seven hours to get there .
Too long .
I 'm afraid that I will be exhausted .
By the way , my family moved to my grandfather 's house a few months ago .
So , they have lived there since then .
In Japan , parents sometimes live with their sons or daughters although they grow up to work .
What about your country ?

A Senior Moment
There is a local farmers ' store l like that is about 15kms away .
I drove there .
But at the moment I tried to buy some fruits and vegetables , I found my bag had gone .
But at the moment I tried to buy some fruit and vegetables , I found my bag had gone .
That was my second time .
That was the second time I 'd done this .
I realized I had left it at home .
I had to go back home to get my bag with my wallet in it .
I must 've had a senior moment .
I have to be careful not to do the third miss again .
I have to be careful not to do it for the third time .

daily record
I decide to write use English .
I have decided to write in English .
Actually I do n't have confidence about my grammar skill .
but I have an important test next year .
I am studying in preparation for the my exam .
I will transfer from my university to a other university .
I will be transfering from my university to another university .
I have to memorize difficult vocabulary .
I am not sure I can make full use of a vocabulary with sentence .
I am not sure I can make full use of my vocabulary with sentences .
I can understand what they saying in Eglish , but I ca n't writting or speaking .
I think I should try write something .
I think I should try writing something .
nuance is so difficult .
The nuances are so difficult .
Japanese is more easy than Eglish . .
Japanese is easier than English .
first of all I must learn their languae , then I can undearstand their culture .
yesterday I learn about C + + at my university .
Yesterday , I learned about C + + at my university .
actually I wanna quit this subject .
it is too difficult to me .
It is too difficult for me .
I nearly could n't return home yesterday .
I nearly could n't return home yesterday .
I stayed a lecture room from morning til night .
I stayed in a lecture room from morning ' till night .
it was nightmare .
It was a nightmare .
I will consider the curriculum one more time .

The toy story 3
I went to the bank for renewing my card which was lost yesterday .
I waited for my girlfriend .
we met together and we went to have lunch at the sydney central plaza .
We met and we went to have lunch at the Sydney Central Plaza .
After we finished lunch we ate icecream .
After we finished lunch we ate ice cream .
we arrived the coles and we bought a bottle of soft drink .
We arrived the coles ( ? ) and we bought a ( bottle of soft drink ) ( soda ) .
we arrived AT coles and we bought a bottle of soft drink .
we watched the movie which was ' The Toy Story 3 ' eating some snacks .
We watched the movie ' The Toy Story 3 ' while eating some snacks .
After the movie end we took a nap for a while we talked to each other about my concerns .
After the movie end we took a nap for a while and talked to each other about my concerns .
My girlfriend have been worried about me because she may love me .
My girlfriend has been worried about me because she may love me .
My girlfriend have been worried about me because she loveS me .
I decided my mind to go back to Korea soon .
I decided to go back to Korea soon .
I should have learned english and about Australia .
I should have learned English and about Australia .
I should have learned ABOUT English and Australia .
If I had good english skill I would get a job .
If I had good English skill I could get a job .
I will improve my english skill .
I will improve my English skill .
I left masterroom I watched ' The house ' it is about a doctor who has selfish mind .
It was interesting .
I wanted to see my girlfriend so , I called her and we hung out for a while at that time one of my flatmate came home with some sushi rolls we flocked to the table we stared to eat it .
I wanted to see my girlfriend , so I called her and we hung out for a while . At that time one of my flatmates came home with some sushi rolls and we flocked to the table and stared to eat them .
As soon as we finished eatting my girlfriend and I left at the livingroom and stretched together .
As soon as we finished eating , my girlfriend and I left the living room and stretched together .
We are writing this diary together .
We are getting bored , tired so we going to go to bed at 1 O ' clock .
We are getting bored and tired so we going to go to bed at 1 O ' clock .
I wish everyone would be happy .
Thank you for reading my diary and correction .

I can not understand . .
In facebook , I make a new friend today .
On facebook , I made a new friend today .
But she is not my real friend .
She talked to me
`` Thanks for confirm . : )
Nice to meet ya ! ^ _ ^
Who 's there ? `` .
But I can not understand `` Who 's there ? `` .
Please teach me that 's meaning !
Please teach me its meaning !

I went to downtown today .
I got some free goods .
Chewing gum , canned coffees , and others .
I am surprised to get such a lot of things free of charge .
I am surprised to have received so many things free of charge .

yesterday
Yesterday I could n't make a journal though I made up my mind to keep a diary everyday this year .
I attended my boss 's farewell party yesterday , it was ok but the problem was that I could n't leave there .
They did n't let me go home . . . . .
I do n't like it .
I 'm going to make a 2 journal this weekend to make up for having broken my promise that I 'm going to keep a diary everyday .
I 'm going to make 2 journals this weekend to make up for having broken my promise that I 'm going to keep a diary everyday .

I have a question ~ ( hospital )
If someone hurt and went to the hospital , how dose it say ?
ex ) People were admitted to the hospital .
Is it right ?
And . . .
I saw in the dictionary .
someone went to the hospital is same ' hospitalization ' meaning .
My friend and her family has been eaten some food at the Chuseok .
( Chuseok is big holiday of Korea )
but They has to stay seven day in hospital what they had eaten .
In this case , how does it say ?
I do n't know the word .
And I do n't know how do I say .
I 've found in the dictionary , but I think It is stranger .
It is all different . . . . : (
She has been in the hospital . ? ? ( I think It is the present tense )
I want to know ' past tense ' .
because my friend is went out the hopsital .
because my friend has come out of the hopsital .
Please tell me ~ ~ !

my questions which I ca n't ask people now that such a long time has passed since I started studying english .
My questions which I ca n't ask people now because I have not used English for a long time .
What do you do on Sunday ?
What do you do on Sundays ?
What do you do every Sunday ?
what 's the difference ?
oh , I 'm shocked by myself .
I 've never thought how poor my english is .
I 've never thought how poor my English is .
Hello everyone
how are you ?
I 'm fine .
Long time no see !
How was your summer vacation ?
I had many events .
For example , trip to Iki , BBQ in odo park and so on .
I often went drinking .
It 's great summer vacation for me .
It was great summer vacation for me .
Tell me your summer story !
Wanted : A Cat
After 2 - week vacation in Tokyo I came back to my apartment house in America .
After a 2 - week vacation in Tokyo I came back to my apartment in America .
After a 2 - week vacation in Tokyo , I came back to my apartment house in America .
After a 2 - week vacation in Tokyo I came back to my apartment house in America .
A Japanese woman who lives in the room just under my room came up to greet me .
A Japanese woman who lives in the room just below mine , came upstairs to greet me .
A Japanese woman who lives in the room just under mine came up to greet me .
Woman ; Welcome back !
Woman ; `` Welcome back ! ``
I have a good news and a bad news for you !
I have good news and bad news for you !
`` I have some good news and some bad news for you ! ``
I have good news and bad news for you !
Momoko : Well , let me hear the good news first .
Momoko : `` Well , let me hear the good news first . ``
The apartment owner has installed a new air conditioner in our rooms .
Momoko : That 's nice !
And what 's the bad news . . .
And what 's the bad news . . . ?
Woman : It 's a long , mysterious story . . .
Woman : `` It 's a long , mysterious story . . . ``
Momoko : Let me sit down and listen to you .
Woman : While you were away , I realized peculiar sound in the kitchen during the night .
Woman : While you were away , I noticed a peculiar sound in the kitchen during the night .
Woman : `` While you were away , I heard a peculiar sound in the kitchen during the night . ``
Woman : While you were away , I heard a peculiar sound in the kitchen during the night .
Momoko : What kind of sound ?
Woman : Very small sound , like something is trembling in the cabinet or in the ceiling .
Momoko : Poltergeist !
Momoko : A Poltergeist !
Woman : It 's real !
One night I heard the sound in the cabinet under the sink .
`` One night I heard the sound in the cabinet under the sink . ``
I put my ear on the door of the cabinet and listened .
I put my ear to the door of the cabinet and listened .
`` I put my ear to the door of the cabinet and listened . ``
It sounded like something was scratching the bag containing rice .
It sounded like something was scratching a bag containing rice .
`` It sounded like something was scratching the bag containing rice . ``
Momoko : Did you open the cabinet ?
Woman : No !
Woman : `` No ! ``
I banged on the cabinet door , hoping that the scratching sound would stop . . .
`` I banged on the cabinet door , hoping that the scratching sound would stop . . . ``
and it stopped .
`` and it stopped . ``
Momoko : And then you opened the cabinet .
Woman : Yes , and . . .
Woman : `` Yes , and . . . ``
there were a few scratches and bites on the thick paper bag of rice .
`` There were a few scratches and bites on the thick paper bag of rice . ``
I showed the bag to the apartment owner and . . .
I showed the bag to the landlord and . . .
Momoko : What did he say ?
Woman ; He handed me this . . .
Woman ; `` He handed me this . . . ``
And she showed me . . . .
RAT POISON ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
What shoud I do if a rat , mistakingly eating the poison and suffering , jumps from the kitchen cabinet ?
What should I do if a rat - mistakenly eating the poison and suffering - jumps from the kitchen cabinet ?
What shoud I do if a suffering rat , that mistakingly ate the poison , jumps from the kitchen cabinet ?
What should I do if a rat , mistakingly eats the poison and suffering , jumps from the kitchen cabinet ?
What should I d if I find a dead rat in the cabinet ?
What should I do if I find a dead rat in the cabinet ?
What should I do if I find a dead rat in the cabinet ?
What should I do if I find a dead rat in the cabinet ?
I 'm so scared ! ! ! ! !

Kind police officers
The daily `` Internet slang in Japan `` change for `` Kind police officer `` today .
I 'm going to replace my daily journal topic , `` Internet slang in Japan `` , for `` Kind police officers `` today .
I went to the police office in my city to report the theft report ( ? ) .
Because my new bicycle was stolen by someone at parking lot for bicycles in the University .
Police officers was very kind , because they drove me to the University .
( the inquiry did in police office and university .
They did an inquiry both at the police office and university .
Then , I would think that they would drive me by patrol car to University , but actually , they drove me by the normal car .
orz . . .
I wanted ride in a patrol car !
I ( really ) wanted to ride in a patrol car !
Anyway , my prejudice that `` police officer is n't kind . `` was totally mistaken .
See ya !

About Rain
It has been raining in Japan since yesterday .
I do not like raining because . . .
I do n't like rain , because . . .
I do not like when it rains because . . .
I can not wear nice clothes and shoes and cause wet my hair .
I ca n't wear nice clothes and shoes and because my hair gets wet .
I can not wear nice clothes or shoes , and my hair gets wet .
It is not fun for me ; (
Although I know only one good point . .
Although , I know of a good point .
It is . . .
I can excuse not go to the gym because of rain ; )
I have an excuse not to go to the gym because of the rain ; )
I can justify not going to the gym because of the rain ; )
hehe ; ) ) ) )
Have a great day with smile to everyone
Have a great day with a smile , everyone !
Today , I will have a great day and smile to everyone .

I was so appliciated
Today is the day that Japanese suffered from Nuclear weapon in Hiroshima 65 years ago .
Today is the day that Japanese people suffered from the Nuclear weapon that was dropped in Hiroshima 65 years ago .
The ceremony about mourning the pople who were died in this weapon has been held every year , but in this year it is so historical because the representatives from western countories participated in this ceremony , especialy United States .
The ceremony about mourning the people who died from this bomb has been held every year ; this year it is even more historical because the representatives from western countories participated in the ceremony , especialy the United States .
This change is due to the speach by President Obama in Berlin .
This change was due to the speech that was given by President Obama in Berlin .
Many Japanese have been expecting to his visit Hiroshima or Nagasaki and join to this ceremony someday .
And what I was most impressed is that the cecretary general Mr .
What I was most impressed by , was that the Secretary General Mr .
Ban Ki - moon made some speach storongly about a necessary of storong will to the achievement of world peace without Nuclear weapon .
Ban Ki - moon read a speach , speaking strongly , about how it is necessary to have a strong will to achieve world peace without Nuclear weapons .
I think he may have some mixed feelings because many Japanese made cruel actings and behavior to people in the Korean Peninsula , and he might be blamed by some Korean who do n't like Japanese .
I think he may have some mixed feelings because many of the Japanese showed cruel behavior towards the people in the Korean Peninsula ; he might be blamed by some Koreans who do n't like the Japanese .
But he visited and made some speaches in japan over these feelings and background .
He visited and made some speeches in Japan over those feelings .

Which way is better to tip waiter and waitress ?
Which way is better to tip : waiter or waitress ?
I 'm not sure how to tip at restaulant because I 've just moved in America and my mother country Japan does n't have such a custom .
I 'm not sure how to tip at a restaurant because I 've just moved to America and my mother country Japan does n't have such a custom .
I 'm not sure how to tip at restaurant because I 've just moved to America and my mother country , Japan , does n't have such a custom .
Do you think which way is better ?
? Which way do you think is most appropriate ?
Which way do you think is better ?
Which way is better ?
1 : I pay the bill and tip in cash .
1 : I would pay the bill and tip in cash .
2 : I pay the bill in debit and tip in cash .
2 : I would pay the bill in debit and tip in cash .
3 : I pay the bill and tip in debit .
3 : I would pay the bill and tip in debit .
I always do 1 or 2 ways .
I could always do this in 1 or 2 ways .
If I do 3 , shuld I write an amount of tip down in bill ?
If I do 3 , should I write an amount of the tip down in the bill ?
If I do 3 , should I write the tip on the bill ?
I would be happy if you correct my English composition use your native expression : - )
I would be happy if you correct my English composition . Use your native expression : - )
I would be happy if you can correct my English composition . Use your native expression : - )
I would be happy if you correct my English composition using your native expressions : - )

I wish I am as smart as a genius , Albert Einstein .
I wish I could be as smart as the genius , Albert Einstein .

Near - miss ?
I have backed to my hometown from Hiroshima today by airplane .
I have returned to my hometown from Hiroshima today by airplane .
On my way back to Tokyo , I was very surprised because another airplane flew by my plane .
Is it near - miss ?
Was it a near - miss ?
Anyway , I was very surprised that .
I was very surprised at that .
Have you same experience ?
Have you had the same experience ?

I am so tired
Recently I wii take an english exam .
Soon I will take an English exam .
I found I was too busy to get into lang - 8 .
I found that I have been too busy to get into lang - 8 .
Then my dear friends , please wait for me and I will write more things in lang - 8 next week .
So my dear friends , please wait for me and I will write more things here next week .
But my dear friends , Which topic do you like and be interested .
I hope you can give me some examples and I will write which you like .
I hope you can give me some examples and I will write about something you like .
Thank you ! ! !

My first diary
I 'm Japanese .
I 'm 19 years old .
Last teenager : (
Still a teenager : (
I want to go to America ,
so I want to learn English ! !
Please tell me about
Please teach me about
English speak skill : )
speaking English : )
English speaking skills : )

I want to talk to English native speaker on skype .
I want to talk in English with native speakers on skype .
I am japanese .
I can teach you japanese language .
I can teach you japanese language .
Lets talk skype .
Lets talk on skype .
I like music .
I play piano .
If do you like some music , We talk about music much .
If you like music , We can talk about music .
I learn english .
I am learning english .
You learn japanese .
You can learn japanese .
Its free . great ! thanks .
please send messeji .
please send a message .

My first article
This is my first article .
TO be honest , my English is poor .
To be honest , my English is poor .
Do n't laugh at me , please .
Do n't laugh at me , please .
These days I have a low spirits .
These days I have low spirits .
These days I am low - spirited .
Because there is a quarrel between my mother and I .
She said I always go out to play with my boy friend every day .
She says I always go out to spend time with my boyfriend every day .
But the fact is I did 't go out every day .
But the fact is I do n't go out every day .
But the fact is , I do n't go out every day .
Moreover , it is summer vacation , is n't it ?
The college entrance examination have gone , we need relaxing .
The college entrance examination are over and we need to be relaxing .
The college entrance examination has passed , we need to relax .

After my graduation
I graduated from my junoir college on March 15 th .
I graduated from my junior college on 15th March .
I went to junior college so my school life was for 2 years .
I went to junior college . So my school life was for 2 years .
I felt very fast to pass the time ! !
I felt the time pass by very fast .
I already miss my school life . . .
If possible I want to go there again !
If possible , I want to go there again !
And now I 'm thinking about studying abroad to NZ .
Studying abroad is my dream !
Since I was junior high school .
Since I 'm in junior high school .
Hmm . . but you know , it will cost a lot of money . . .
If possible , I want to stay in NZ for one year , but I do n't have money so I am planing for nine months .
I know I have to earn more money , but I wanna go to NZ soon !
So I decided to go to NZ by my money which I have now .
I can stay there for nine months .
I will go there in June .
I ca n't wait !
And I have to study English more !

There are many ways to make friends
I 'm learning English in another SNS , too .
I met an American , a Irish man and a Kiwi woman in Shared talk , www . sharedtalk . com .
I also met three Americans and a Canadian in iKnow , www . iknow . co . jp .
We use e - mail to communicate in English and Japanese .
That gives me a great fun .
I wish I could express my feelings more fluently and share my own culture and customs to others .
What a great way to share language is !

Hi , It 's me , erin .
Hi , It 's me , erin .
I moved to the US recently .
So I have no furnitures .
So I have no furniture .
Today I went to Santa Monica to buy sofa .
Today I went to Santa Monica to buy a sofa .
I bought a sofa made by brown leather .
I bought a sofa made from brown leather .

Recently , there are something I consider .
Recently , there is something I think about
Why does people say swear word often .
Why do people often say . bad things ?
I think they do n't notice the word they sad will hurt someone important sometime .
I do n't think they notice the words they say will hurt someone important sometime .
They do n't know how much it pain someone .
They do n't know how much it hurts someone .
I do n't want to say any words which I do n't want to hear for anyone .
I do n't want to say any words which I do n't want to hear from anyone .
Everyone needs kind mind and should take care to everyone around you .
Everyone needs to be kind and should take care of everyone around them
I am spoken to by my boss and she always say some word which makes me sad and nervous to me lately .
Recently , when I talk to by my boss she always says some words which make me sad and nervous
Like , `` you are already too old , take care of cold `` `` I do n't have any idea that you can not get any boyfriend `` `` oh you got some weight ! !
Like , `` you are already too old , take care not to catch a cold `` `` I do n't have any idea why you can not get a boyfriend `` `` oh you 've got some weight ! !
What have you been eating these days ?
Do n't you think You must lose your weight ? ``
Even though She is 9 older than me , she also does n't have any boyfriend , She has more weight than me , and She talk that just in front of our customer ! !
Even though She is 9 years older than me , she also does n't have a boyfriend , She has more weight than me , and She says that just in front of our customer ! !
I am keeping my patience all the time but I feel so tired during working .
I am keeping my patience all the time but I feel so tired during work .
I came back to my house with tired , my mother say something bad to me also .
I came back to my house tired , my mother said something bad to me also .
I do n't have any place to rest quietly .
I want to go to U .
K as soon as possible .

HI ! Every Englsh teacher !
HI ! Every Englsh English teacher !
Nice to meet you .
My name is Saya .
My name is Saya ,
I 'm a University student of Fukuoka , Japan .
I 'm a University student of Fukuoka , Japan .
My major is English but I 'm not good at English , so I want to study Englsh more .
My major is English , but I 'm not good at English . I want to study Englsh English more .
I want everyone to teach me English .
Please help me and become good friends with me !
I 'm happy to becoeme a member of Lang - 8 .
I 'm happy to becoeme become a member of Lang - 8 .

pork belly
I ate pork belly .
It 's my favorite food .
Have you eaten this food ?
( Suggestion : ) Have you ever tried it ?
If you have not eaten this then I want to recommend that you eat this .
If you have not , then I want to recommend that you do so .
You wo n't disappoint that .
You wo n't be disappointed .
This food should be eaten with doenjang .

I usually read an English book by Kindle .
It 's a very nice device for studying English !
It 's a very nice device to study English !
Kindle has a free 3G networking and able to get a book anywhere .
I recommend you to buy a Kindle for good reading life !
I recommend you to buy a Kindle to enjoy reading .

Underwear
I bought underwear today .
I was really happy because I found the type of thongs that I like for a really good price .
I was so excited that I did not check the sizes very well and I ended up buying 3 different sizes .
I was so excited that I did not check the sizes and I ended up buying 3 different sizes .
I bought an XS , M and L and only one fits .
So sad = ( At least , they were not expensive .

taste day
Today , I paint a inukashi , it is a character of novel , NO . 6 in the morning .
This morning , I painted Inukashi , a character from the novel NO . 6 .
My friend telephoned me to kill time .
My friend phoned me to kill time . [ more natural ]
I sometime dislike her , because she scold me for not follwing what I says .
I sometimes dislike her because she scolds me for not following what she says .
I wrote a novel in the afternoon .
I enjoyed myself today !

2011 / 06 / 30
It has been hot recently .
I try to turn off air conditioners because of the electricity shortage , but I wonder if it 's helpful .
It 's impossble to send the electric power to the quake hit area even if I save power as much as I can .
Also , I only can save very small amount of electricity , so I feel helplessness .
Also , I can only save a very small amount of electricity , so I feel helplessness .
It 's very tough for me to think about anything in such a muggy weather . . .
It 's very tough for me to think about anything in such muggy weather . . .

I bought MMF ( Money Management Fund ) today .
Since last year , I have invested five currency , US dollar , Euro , Canada dollar , New Zealand dollar , Australian dollar , twice a month .
It is dangerous to invest all money at once , therefore I divide my money and spend a small amount of money on them .
It is dangerous to invest all of your money at once . Therefore , I divide my money up and invest a small amount in each currency .
I plan to continue investing this way .

New year card
ysstuday was Sunday .
Yesterday was Sunday .
I has not made `` New Year ` s card `` yet .
I have not made a `` New Year ` s card `` yet .
I want to sent for my friend .
I want to send one to my friend .
So I think made it .
Next year ` s simbol animal is rabbit .
Next year ` s symbol animal is the rabbit .
I drawn rabbit illust on card .
I drew a rabbit on the card .
Is there such system in foreign countries ?

First voice journal
I have posted the voice journal to let me know if my English does work .
I have posted the voice journal to see if my English is understandable .
Please try to start this video and listen it without the transcription .
Please try to start this video and listen to it without the transcription .
Hi , everyone .
This is my first voice journal .
I have decided to post voice journals here , because there is only so many oppotunities to speak English in my usual life .
I have decided to post voice journals here , because there are only so many opportunities to speak English in my everyday life .
Actually , I do n't really have any chances to do that .
I have some friends who speaks English .
Sometimes , I talk to him on the internet , but he studies Japanese hard so I always end up speaking in Japanese as I talk to him .
Sometimes , I talk to one of those friends on the internet , but he studies Japanese hard so I always end up speaking in Japanese when we talk .
I have posted some video blogs that I spoke in English on YouTube before .
I have posted some English video blogs on YouTube in the past .
But , I could not post a lot , because there was nothing to tell especially when I would try to post something every time .
But , I could not post a lot , because I could n't think of anything to talk about all the time .
But , Lang - 8 is different from YouTube , because people can correct my English I wrote .
But , Lang - 8 is different from YouTube , because people can correct my English .
If I post it a lot , I could get a lot of corrections , and then eventually I could learn a lot of things .
I appreciate those corrections so far by you all , and thank you for listening to this journal .
I appreciate everyone 's corrections so far , and thank you for listening to this journal .

I went to the shopping mall becasue my daughter wanted to go .
I went to the shopping mall because my daughter wanted to go .
I went to the shopping mall because my daughter wanted to go .
Drums made a merry rhythm , and the whole store was a new years mood .
Drums made a merry rhythm , and the whole store was in a new years mood .
Drums made a merry rhythm and the whole store was in a New Year 's mood .
But I do n't like to buy anything in crowds .
Many people bought lucky bags .
My daughter hoped to buy it .
My daughter hoped to buy one .
It is a set of various mystery articles .
A `` lucky bag `` is a grab bag ( a bag of unknown articles ) .
We ca n't chose them , so I did n't want to buy .
We ca n't choose them , so I did n't want to buy one .
I bought socks and got on Ferris wheel .
I bought socks and got on a Ferris wheel .

Yesterday I took my daughter to the hospital .
Sha had been suffering from slight stomachaches for a few months .
She had been suffering from slight stomach aches for a few months .
At first our family doctor said ' It is n't so serious .
Let 's wait and see . ' But the things did n't change at all .
Let 's wait and see . ' But things did n't change at all .
So finally he wrote a referral to the general hospital .
After she had an X - ray , they found the cause of the stomachaches .
After she had an X - ray , they found the cause of the stomach aches .
The reason why she had been having them was because she had been constipated !
( Sorry this is not a beautiful story ! ) They prescribed some medicine for her , and things has been getting better .
( Sorry this is not a beautiful story ! ) They prescribed some medicine for her , and things have been getting better .
What a relief !
This is just an aside .
This is just an aside :
I told this story to her teacher at the kindergarten .
She said , ' There was a kindergartener who died of constipation about fifteen years ago .
You shoul n't look down on it ! ' I should keep in mind .

My anxiety
I 'm now preparing for the entrance exam of the graduate school .
I 'm now preparing for the entrance exam of a graduate school .
By the end of this June , I 've been working as a banker .
By the end of this June , I will be working as a banker .
But I quit it and decided to enter the graduate course .
But I change my mind and decided to enter a graduate course .
I do n't have any regret against what I decided to do .
I do n't want to regret about my decision .
But I 'm very anxious about whether I can get a new job after I 'll leave there .
But I 'm worried about whether I can get a new job after I 'll leave there .
It 's because new undergraduates have more chances to be hunted by Japanese companies .
It 's because new young graduates are most likely to have more chances to get hired by Japanese companies .

A long time ago , when I learn the swimming in the swimming pool ,
A long time ago , when I was learning to swim in the swimming pool ,
the happening came about .
Since I was a very young child , I used to swim at the shallow lane .
Since I was a very young child , I used to swim in the shallow lane .
Unexpectly , I was falled into deep lane that it was used only adult .
Unexpectedly , I fell into the deep lane that was used only by adults .
I struggled to get out deep water and I ended up escaping the water .
I struggled to get out of the deep water and I eventually escaped the water .
After I was almost drowned ,
But I had almost drowned ,
I have been scary about deep water , swimming , pool .
I have been scared of deep water , swimming , and pools since then .
But recently , I have been learned a swimming in the swimming pool .
But recently , I have been learning to swim in the swimming pool again .
If everybody challenged against own fear , it could overcome the fear .
If everybody challenges against their fears , they can overcome their fears .
impossible is nothing .

My first journal !
This is my first diary on lang - 8 .
I do n't know who will read this , but I 'll keep it as often as possible .
I do n't know who will read this , but I 'll keep updating it as often as possible .
I 'm working the night shift watching the Olympics now .
I 'm working the night shift and watching the Olympics right now .
I 've been always watching it on TV since It started .
I 've been watching it on TV constantly since It started .
I 've watched it on TV since It started
I did n't think it 'd force me to stay up late this time at first , because there is only 1hour time difference between China and Japan .
I did n't think it 'd force me to stay up this late at first , because there is only a 1hour time difference between China and Japan .
I was wrong .
Recently they seem to play or compete in the middle of night !
Are they OK ?
I 'm not OK .
Anyway I 'm so glad Japan got a gold medal in Judo and a silver medal in gymnastics !
I 'm looking forward to watching track and field .
Japanese are not good at it though .
I wo n't be able to sleep well until the end of the Olympic Games . . .

It is difficult selling a small house
We are still selling a house .
Our house is 950 square feet , so it is small cute white house .
Our house is 950 square feet , so it is a small cute white house .
Every day , we clean up the house before we go to work .
It is getting annoying .
My husband and I are work from 9am to 6 pm every weekday .
Yesterday , 2 pair of couples came over and saw our house , and we got some response but we did n't get offer yet .
Yesterday , 2 couples came over and saw our house , and we got some responses but we did n't get offer yet .
Tomorrow someone is coming here , also it is going to having a open house on this Sunday .
Tomorrow someone is coming here , also we are going to having a open house on this Sunday .
I hope we could get a good offer soon .
I hope we can get a good offer soon .
I am little a bit tired lately .
I 've been a little a bit tired lately .

Nice to meet you !
Writes first time .
This is my first time writing .
Future , I want to write about my impressions of watching anime .
In the future , I want to write about my impressions of watching anime .

love music
Do you like music ?
And do you have a favorite singer ?
Do you have a favorite singer ?
I like music .
I 'm interest in rock music now .
I 'm interested in rock music now .
So , if you have a favorite singer , please tell me ^ ^
Let 's talk about music !
an average day
Today , I was running late for a class , but I was kind of happy .
Actually I had n't been able to sleep well lately ( I do n't know why . . .
Actually I have n't been able to sleep well lately ( I do n't know why . . .
maybe it 's because of word cup ? ? ) , anyway I was stayed up until after midnight .
maybe it 's because of the world cup ? ? ) , anyway I stayed up until after midnight .
It 's kind of annoying , and of course I counted sheep but did n't work .
It 's kind of annoying , and of course I counted sheep but it did n't work .
Then I just turnd on fan , took a time and relaxed . . .
So I just turnd on a fan and took the time to relax . . .
then next moment , I was woken up by sunshine .
then , in the next moment , I was woken up by sunshine .
I just realize it was 10am and I would be late .
I realized it was 10am and I would be late .
I did have a good sleep , anyway ^ ^

What do you think of Japanese tradition in terms of finding or resigning a job ?
In Japan , after having graduated from a college , most of japansese students work immediatly , then , stay in the company at least for 3 to 5 years .
In Japan , after having graduated from college , most of Japanese students work immediatelyand continues to stay within the company for at least 3 to 5 years .
Otherwise , they would face difficulty in finding a job again because of lack of experiences .
Eventually most japanese fresh - graduated employees wind up staying there for couple of years even if they have lost the interest of working in that company .
Eventually most recent graduates wind up staying there for a couple of years even if they have lost the interest of working in that company .
But , the thing is when I worked abroad before , the employees in that country decided resignation very easily if they have some kind of complaint or lose the interest in working there .
In fact , I had worked there for several years , however I rarely saw people who worked for more than 2 years .
In fact , I had worked there for several years , and I hardly saw people who worked for more than 2 years .
I had about 20 staff ( subordinates ? ) under my position .
I had about 20 staff ( subordinates ? ) ( Co - workers ) under my position .
but only 1 or 2 persons had remained for 2 years in the company , the rest just left there within 1 year .
But only 1 or 2 people had remained working for 2 years in the company , while the rest left within 1 year .
Is changing jobs frequently and easily not a big deal when you have to find a job again ?
Im just curious about this matter in different countries .
It is hard to generalize it though .

My Friend
I did work out with my friend today .
Today , I did a work out with my friend
Today , I worked out with my friend .
and then I watched super ball ! !
and then I watched the Super Bowl ball ! !
and then I watched the Super Bowl ! !
I was so excited .
at that time , It stayed my friend , her boyfriend , boyfriend 's friends and I .
At that time , I stayed with my friend , her boyfriend , and her boyfriend 's friends .
I could n't speak with everyone but I think It was really good experience for me .
I could n't speak with everyone but I think it was really good experience for me .
I do n't have confidence yet .
But I wanna go to everywhere If It 's alone .
I wanna do my best before go back to Japan !
I wanna do my best before going back to Japan !
I want to do my best before I go back to Japan !

I am so touched .
Today , my classmates gave me the plums from his yard .
Today , my classmate gave me plums from his yard .
They are not very big and a little bit tart .
Of course , they are plums but to me , they are ver . . . . . y sweet .
Chen is a friend of mine
His ancestors are Taiwanese but was born in Vietnam .
He is a trilingual .
He is trilingual .
He can speak Vietnamnese , Taiwanese and English .
Yesterday , he gave me guavas from his yard as well .
He asked me that why I had n't attended class on last Wednesday .
He asked me that why I had n't attended class last Wednesday .
He brought the guavas on that day and wanted to share them with me .
Nevertheless , I skipped it as I needed to take care of my friend .
She was sick .
In fact , he had treated me to a Vietnamese sandwhich last month .
I remember that When I was dismissed from the class on that day , he pulled me to the corner of the classroom .
He said If I dared to eat fat meat .
He asked If I dared to eat fat meat .
My answer was `` YAP `` and then he drove me to a Vietnamese grocery .
My answer was `` YUP `` and then he drove me to a Vietnamese grocery .
While I took around in the Vietanmese mom - and - pop store , he petted my shoulder and said , `` Here you go , a Vietnamese sandwhich . ``
While I took a look around in the Vietanmese mom - and - pop store , he petted my shoulder and said , `` Here you go , a Vietnamese sandwich . ``
Later , I opened my wallet to give him money .
He smiled and refused it .
He said , `` You are alone here and study so hard .
It 's a gift as my wish . ``
In the recess today , he still pulled me to the corner again and asked me if I wanted the pulms and vegetables .
At recess today , he still pulled me to the corner again and asked me if I wanted the plums and vegetables .
He knows that I uaually cooked on my own to save money .
He knows that I usually cooked on my own to save money .
At the monent , I almost bursted into tears .
At that monent , I almost burst into tears .
My heart was so touched and moved .
Thanks Mr .
Chen indeed .

I 'm not good at TOEIC .
But I like to study English .
It is sure that my TOEIC score is very row .
It is sure that my TOEIC score is very low .
However I like to watch some English movie and talk to Englishman ,
However I like to watch some English movies and talk to Englishmen ,
of course , study English .
What should I do to grow my English skills ?
What should I do to improve my English skills ?
I got many friend in this site .
They help me study English : checking my journal .
And I read some books in English evey - day .
And I read some books in English everyday .
I know I need make an effort .
I know I need to make an effort .
Recently , a Japanese company declare official language is English .
Recently , a Japanese company declared that the official language is English .
They should use English evey sityation .
They should use English in every situation .
( I do n't know details about it . . . . )
If I am in the employ of this company , should I hand in my resigna - tion ?
If I am in the employee of this company , should I hand in my resignation ?

please modify this sentencs
I am a medical scientist .
But I am not good at English .
This sentence explains my medical work .
This ( passage / paragraph ) explains my medical work .
Please modify it .
The reason why we selected prostate cancer samples from radical prostatectomy is that between 1997 and 2004 at our hospital the 48 . 5 % ( 99 / 205 ) of surgery were performed following neo - ajuvant hormonal therapy .
We selected prostate cancer samples from radical prostatectomy because , between 1997 and 2004 , 48 . 5 % ( 99 / 205 ) of surgeries at our hospital were performed following neo - ajuvant hormonal therapy .
Recently , Most surgery are performed without neo - ajuvant hormonal therapy at our hospital .
Recently , Most surgeries are performed without neo - ajuvant hormonal therapy at our hospital .
Therefore , the analyses of sample in radical prostatectomy without neo - ajuvant hormonal therapy are currently ongoing .
Therefore , the analyses of samples from radical prostatectomy without neo - ajuvant hormonal therapy are currently ongoing .

I went to the hot yoga with my coworkers yesterday .
It took for 90 minutes .
It took 90 minutes .
It was hard a bit but I enjoyed it .
It was a bit hard but I enjoyed it .
I think I have a good balance because I tryed surfing sometimes .
I think I have good balance because I surfing sometimes .
We sweated all over ! !
We were very sweaty ! !
I love it .
I love to sweat by sports .
I love to sweat while doing sports .
I will go again but I do n't have a yoga mat so I will find a cheap one .
Have a good weekend !

The Phantom of Opera
Tonight I saw the film version of `` The Phantom of Opera `` at home , which is played on TV for almost three hours ! ! !
Tonight I saw the film version of `` The Phantom of Opera `` at home , which played on TV for almost three hours ! ! !
But its music is really fantastic , the leading actress ' voice deeply appealed to me .
But its music is really fantastic . The voice of the leading actress deeply appealed to me .
I love her so much ! ! !
Their beautiful voice have impressed me a lot , surely like a haunting melody in my mind .
The beautiful voices in the movie impressed me a lot . Like a haunting melody in my mind .
It 's undoubtedly a splendid show ! ! !
I was truly touched by the sentimental movie , especially when the phantom let Christine and Raoul go , I can not help but shed my tears .
I was truly touched by this sentimental movie , especially when the phantom let Christine and Raoul go , I could n't help but shed my tears .
I sympathize with the phantom a lot though he is sometimes too cruel , but I think it 's the society that made him crazy .
I sympathize with the phantom a lot though he is sometimes too cruel . But I think it 's his society that made him crazy .
How solitude he was ! ! !
How lonely he was ! ! !
It 's a pity that he can not bring his talent into full play .
It 's a pity that he could n't bring his talent into full play .
He is a genius !
He was a genius !
Well , since I will go to NY this summer vacation , I expect to go to Broadway for watching this show on the scene .
Well , since I will go to NY this summer vacation , I expect to go to Broadway to watch this show live .
It will be an exciting experience !

I got the new one .
I got a new one .
Tonight , I am painting .
Tonight , I am painting .
I 've already do my job .
I 've already done my job .
I will study PHD in September which are really excited .
Last week , I received my friend from school .
I have to prepare the new art work as soon as I could quickly , because I had no idea since last year .
Yesterday , when I went to have a shore , suddenly I got a new idea from my brain .
I was really excited , because I was no idea how should I get the new one .
I was really excited , because I had no idea how I could I get a new idea for an art project .
But now , I am painting my new art work .
But now , I am painting my new art work .
I am thinking around the space .
I am thinking about space .
Not just body shape .
I need to think more from other special spaces like we do n't see the other space .
This space is full of power , because everyone can see but others not just we can see .
This space is full of power , because everyone can see it but , others not just us can see it .
This is a good idea .
I wanna paint now .
Great job .

I made the community on Lang - 8 .
What should I write on introduction of my community ?
What should I write to introduce my community ?
`` This is the community of AKB48 , the famous idle group in Japan .
Let 's join us and enjoy talking ! ``

I like playing guitar .
Whenever the sunshine shed on window ,
I feel like playing guitar .
The weather is perfect ! !
by the way , the string broke down ( ? ? ) : (
By the way , I broke a string ( ? ? ) : (
I have to go for change the string . . .
I have to replace the string .
I signed up yesterday , this is my first diary
I signed up yesterday , and this is my first diary .
I am so glad to find this website to learn english .
I am so glad I found this website to learn english on .
hehe , I wish I can make more and more friends around the world .
Hehe , I wish I could make more friends around the world .
I was born in a normal Chinese family in 1982 .
I have no brothers or sisters .
Most of our generation are the one - child .
Most of my family 's generations have only one child .
Most of our generation are only children .
So , I was a lonely girl in this family .
I am a Gemini , and my blood type is B .
I am a Gemini , and my blood type is B .
I was learning english for many years .
But I did not use my english after graduated .
it seems I return it back to my teacher .
But now I need to use my english for my business , it makes me do more exercises to improve it every day .
However , now I need to use my english for my business , so I do exercises to improve it every day .
Thanks a lot
Thanks a lot !

The Phillies Wins !
The Phillies Won !
The Phillies Win !
The Philadelphia Phillies , my local team , won the Division Series against the Rockies today !
The game was really exciting and kind of a seesaw game .
At first , I did n't want to watch the game because of my study .
At first , I did n't want to watch the game because I wanted to / had to study .
The Phillies led most of the game , so I was n't worried very much and strongly believed they won .
The Phillies led most of the game , so I was n't very worried and strongly believed they would won .
The Phillies led most of the game , so I was n't worried very much and strongly believed they would win .
However , in the eighth inning , the situation changed .
However , by the eighth inning , the situation changed .
I found the Rockies led .
I found out the Rockies led .
I found that the Rockies were leading / winning .
The Rockies were in the led .
Oh my god . .
I was very shocked .
I stopped studying and started watching the game .
Before the ninth inning , the score was 2 - 4 .
In the ninth inning , Ryan Howard hit and the score 4 - 4 .
In the ninth inning , Ryan Howard scored a two run hit and the score 4 - 4 .
Jayson Werth then hit and scored .
The score eventually turned 5 - 4 in the top of ninth .
The score eventually turned to 5 - 4 in the top of the ninth .
The score eventually turned 5 - 4 at the top of ninth .
They are going to the next round .
I ca n't take my eyes off the Postseason .
I ca n't take my eyes off the postseason .
Go Phillies !
Actually , writing about baseball was super difficult . .
Halloweem party
Halloween party
yesterday , I went to Halloween party of school .
Yesterday , I went to a Halloween party in school .
And I thought one thing , it is that how different bitween japanese and others .
I thought one thing : how different it is bitween Japanese people and others .
When I went to party , everyone made up and wore costume that is Dracula , Zombi and Vampire .
When I went to the party , everyone made themselves up and wore costumes such as Dracula , Zombies , and Vampires .
it was so funny and amazing because I 've never seen like this party when I stayed Japan .
It was so funny and amazing because I 've never seen a party like this when I stayed in Japan .
Then , we were dancing in a room .
Then , we danced in a room .
but most Japanese could n't do .
But , most of the Japanese people did n't .
I know why , normaly we could n't have opportunity that we do dancing in Japan .
I know why . Normaly we do n't have this opportunity to do this kind of dancing in Japan .
And one more reason is our personality , generally Japanese is shy , quiet and unconfident , it 's only my opinipn .
One more reason is our personality . Generally , Japanese people are shy , quiet and unconfident . This is only my opinipn .
Espesialy , we are quite unconfident , pessimistic and negative .
We are especially unconfident , pessimistic and negative people .
I think these are one of personaity problem and it cause that we are afraid failure .
I think this is one of our personaity problems and it 's because we are afraid of failure .
Actually it dipends on person .
Actually , it depends on the person .
I mean Japanese need to have confident and courage .
I mean , Japanese people need to have more confidence and courage .
that 's it !
thank you for reading : )

Surprising Things in the US ( 1 )
For a next few weeks since today , I wanna try to write something that I noticed in the US .
I believe that this is interesting for someone who are leaning Japanese because I will compare the life in US with that in Japan .
I believe that this will be interesting for someone who is leaning Japanese because I will be comparing life in the US with that in Japan .
To tell the truth , I have lived here in the US for just three month , so I maybe misunderstood to some extent .
Today , I wanna describe difference of life of students .
In terms of education , I think American university provides more organized programs compared with Japan .
Every professors has a big priority to their courses and they try to improve the quality of their classes .
Every professors ' main priority ey is to improve the quality of their classes .
On the other hand , Japanese university provides more opportunities for research .
On the other hand , Japanese universities provide more opportunities for research .
Also , I personally think that most of the Japanese faculties take precedence for research opportunities .
This difference causes by the way to evaluate university .
This difference causes by the way to evaluate university . ( ? ? )
In the US , there are some ranking for universities by the third institutions .
And , these rankings are considered as very important issues .
These rankings are considered to be very important .
In turn , there is less ranking about universities in Japan .
In turn , there is less ranking among universities in Japan .
Evaluation of Japanese university is conducted by difficulties to enter .
to be continued . . .

7 / 25 part 2
I finally noticed working as a day laborer does n't suit me .
I finally realized that working as a day laborer does n't suit me .
The new semester has already started .
So if I work weekends , I 'll be too busy .
If I work little by little after school weekdays , I can cope with studying and part time job .
If I work little by little after school weekdays , I can cope with studying and having a part time job .
Even though I 've worked as a day laborer for two years , I 'm through doing !
Even though I 've worked as a day laborer for two years , I 'm through with doing it !
I 'll find a new regular part time job pretty soon .
( I 've just noticed this entry is full of a bad mood .
( I 've just noticed this entry is full of negativity .
I 'm sorry if this entry makes you unpleasant . )
I 'm sorry if this entry makes you feel unpleasant . )

I like sweet foods .
My favourite foods are ice cream , pudding , chocolate , cake , yogurt , sashimi , sushi , tempura , gratin , and so on .
My favourite foods are ice cream , pudding , chocolate , cake , yogurt , sashimi , sushi , tempura , gratin , and so on .

I changed my hair color .
Today I changed my hair color because my brown hair is so bad and my hair is so damaged : ( I dicided to changed my hair color ! !
Today I changed my hair color because my brown hair was so bad and my hair was so damaged : ( I decided to change my hair color ! !
And I try to grow up my hair by long .
And I 'm trying to grow my hair out .
When my hair will cure , I dye them again .
When my hair is cured , I 'll dye it again .
So now , my hair color is black .
But my natural hair color is black .
I are familiar with its hair color .
I am familiar with this hair color .
Because black hair was ago entering University .
Because I had black hair entering university .
But I do n't like black hair because I think the black hair is so dark and the face does n't look like healthy .
But I do n't like black hair because I think it is so dark and makes the face look unhealthy .
I changed the topic .
I 'll change the topic .
Until a while ago I talked with my friend on skype ! !
It was so nice time .
It was such a nice time .
Recently my work is busy so I could n't study hard because I do n't have a free time . . .
Recently my work has been busy so I could n't study hard because I do n't have free time . . .
but I want to keep writing journal ! !
but I want to keep writing journals ! !
I think this work is good result one day .
I think this work will one day have good results .

Japanese joke - 3 `` A Teacher And A Father ``
A teacher summoned a father because his son seemed to cheat in exam .
Father : My son is a very honest boy , so he can not cheat !
Teacher : OK , would you please see these two sheets ?
Teacher : OK , would you please look at these two sheets ?
One is your son 's , and the other is the one of the student sitting next .
One is your son 's , and the other is the one of the student sitting next to him .
Question 1 , `` What year was the Taika Reform ? `` .
Both of your son and the student wrote `` 645 `` .
Father : So what ?
Father : So what 's wrong ?
Is it wrong ?
It is right , is n't it ?
Do you judge that my son cheated because both of them wrote the right answer ?
Do you [ think / believe ] that my son cheated because both of them wrote the right answer ?
Teacher : Calm down , please .
Question 2 , `` Where was the port that the Blanck Ships ( called the ' Kurofune ' in Japanese .
Question 2 , `` Where was the port that the Black Ships ( called the ' Kurofune ' in Japanese .
They were the first mission from US and shocked Japanese people at the time politically and culturally . ) called at ? `` .
They were the first mission from the US and shocked Japanese people at the time both politically and culturally . ) called at ? `` .
Both wrote `` Nagasaki `` .
No , the right answer is `` Uraga `` .
Father : Ah ha !
There are many , many ports in Japan .
There are many many ports in Japan .
And my son and the student might happen to write the same wrong answer .
And my son and that student might happen to write the same wrong answer .
Ya , I 've got it !
My son wrote the right answer , and the student cheated .
My son wrote the right answer , and that student cheated .
It must be so !
Teacher : Well , Question 3 .
`` Who is the third Tokugawa shogun ? `` The student wrote in big letters , `` I do n't know . `` Your son wrote , `` I do n't know , either . ``
( This joke was made by Tatekawa Shinosuke , the famous Rakugo teller . )

These Days
I have been busy in work and caught a cold recently .
At last , I could not make a post on this site yesterday .
Though I am busy , I am going to write a post as usual however short the post is .

My First English Diary
I started English diary .
I live in west - japan where not affected aftermath of earthquake disaster .
I live in West - Japan where we were not affected by the aftermath of earthquake disaster .
But many people ( and I ) feel fear about the future .
What will happen next ?
What will happen to my life and where japan will go ?
What will happen to my life and where Japan will go ?
Normal life is priceless , I found after things happened .
Normal life is priceless , I found out after things happened .
But , I think , now , It is time to make a effect to spend life as usual as possible .
But , I think , now , It is time to make an effort to spend life as usual as possible .
To the contrary , what I can do is carrying out my responsibility for around me , family , community , to be able to spend their life each other .
To the contrary , what I can do is carrying out my responsibility for myself , my family , and my community , so we can be able to spend their lives with each other .
In this disaster , I found that I should spend time thinking deeply and without making a fuss .
I pray and want to look inside of me again .
For japan , for me , for my children 's generation .
For Japan , for me , and for my children 's generation .

Beautiful day
Today is a beautiful day is n't it .
Today is a beautiful day , is n't it .
I met my friend and go to eat lunch .
We ate ' kaiseki teisyoku ' .
Especialy rice cooked sheredded sea bleam was sophisticated taste and delicious !
Now I feel comfortable season of new green leaves in Japan .
Now I feel comfortable in the season of new green leaves in Japan .
I started to learn Spanish yesterday .
Some day , I want to talk with my friend in Spanish and I hope to be going good at them sooner .
Some day , I want to talk with my friend in Spanish and I hope to become better at them sooner .
Hang in there ! !

I have to meet my patient .
- Pain assessment , since the patient had a surgery two days ago .
- Since the surgery can cause respiratory complications , sleep apnea , snoring , mouth breathing , the student nurse should focus on assessing respiratory system .
- Since the surgery can cause respiratory complications , sleep apnea , snoring , mouth breathing , the student nurse should focus on assessing ( monitoring ? ) the respiratory system .
- The patient has a risk of infection , the student nurse should check there is elevation of WBC , assess the incision site , and assess the patient has a fever .
- The patient has a risk of infection , the student nurse should check to see if there is elevation of WBC , assess the incision site , and assess whether the patient has a fever .
- Assess there is any bleeding .
- Assess whether there is any bleeding .
Check vital signs every 4 hours .
- Pain assessment ( PQRST ) .
Since the patient had a surgery on October 4th , the pain may increase , so it is really import to assess pain .
Since the patient had surgery on October 4th , the pain may increase , so it is really import to assess pain .
- Focus on respiratory assessment .
( respiratory rate , deep , and lung sound )
( respiratory rate , depth or shallowness of breathe , and lung sound ( clarity ? )
- Encourage to drink .
- Encourage patient to drink .
The surgery may make the patient feel difficult to swallow , so it is important to prevent dehydration .
The surgery may make it difficult for the patient to swallow , but it is important to take in fluids to prevent dehydration .
- Inform patient and family member about the potential complications
- Inform patient and family members about the potential complications
- Teach patient and family member post care of tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy
- Teach patient and family members about post care of tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy
I spend so much time to do this things .
I spend so much time doing these things .
I am almost stressed out with English and some stuff .
I am almost stressed out with English and some other stuff .
it almost drives me crazy : (
Help me guys .

Yakata _ Bune / houseboat
I tried to Yakata _ bune last saturday .
Yakata _ bune is a japanese traditional houseboat .
Yakata means house , and Bune means boat .
People enjoy a kind of party on that boat .
People enjoy parties on that kind of boat .
It 's too expensive to try to Yakatabune for young person .
But we have found cheaper course of it .
Usually , at the boat , people eat sasimi or something traditional japanese expensive foods .
Usually , people eat sasimi or traditional , Japanese , expensive foods on the boat .
But in that course , we can eat only cheaper food ; Japanese pancakes [ okonomi _ yaki ] .
In that regard , though , we can only eat cheaper food ; Japanese pancakes [ okonomi _ yaki ] .
But , we enjoyed atmosphere sufficiently .
We still enjoyed the atmosphere sufficiently .
If we will become a rich girls , we try to authentic Yakata _ Bune .
If we become rich girls , we try authentic Yakata _ Bune .
Yakata _ Bune
I did n't know what Genpets are until yesterday , when one of my friends in the English course had an extra presentation - - a punishment for letting her mobile ring during the course - - and this presentation was about Genpets .
I did n't know what Genpets were until yesterday , when one of my friends in the English course had an extra presentation - - a punishment for letting her mobile ring during the course - - about Genpets .
Genpets are a bioengineered creatures that you can purchase as a pet .
It is available in seven different personality types .
Color coding is what determines the type of the personality , such that ;
Color coding displays the personality type .
Genpet Red : Athletic and energetic
Genpet Red : Athletic and energetic .
Genpet Orange : Adventurous , confident and curious
Genpet Yellow : Playful and fun
Genpet Green : Helpful , harmonious and peaceful
Genpet Blue : Communicative and serene
Genpet Violet : Imaginative and spiritual
The package contains a heart monitor to monitor the genpet 's heart .
There life span is 2 to 3 years .
Their life span is 2 to 3 years .
For more information about them , you can go to their official website URL
So the question is : What do you think of the idea of these Genpets ?
So the question is : what do you think of the idea of these Genpets ?
and would you like to purchase one of them ?
And would you like to purchase one of them ?
Here is a video that collects all the pictures available for these Genpets :

My plan in the future
I 'm going to talk about my plan , `` what I want to do in the future `` and ' the glocal ( grobal + local ) point where I am interested ' .
I am taking a profound interest in workers in Asia .
I a profound interest in workers in Asia . have
Asia has a experience to be colonized by European Imperialists for a long time .
Asia has colonized by European Imperialists for a long time . esperienced being
Korea was a colony of Japan for 35 years , too .
Korea was a colony of Japan for 35 years too .
During colonization , not only invaders destroyed national traits and the culture but also over exploited people 's labor .
During colonization , not only invaders destroyed national traits and the culture but also over exploited people 's labor . not only did invaders destroy
Besides that , Asia countries were deprived from opportunities of modernization by invaders .
Besides that , Asia countries were deprived opportunities of modernization by invaders . Asian the
Furthermore people are still suffering from political corruption , polarization of wealth , widespread poverty .
Furthermore people are still suffering from political corruption , polarization of wealth , widespread poverty . and widespread
Therefore people 's livelihood rights are being threatened .
I 'd like to work for workers and women who have a hard time in Asia .
I 'd like to work workers and women who have a hard time in Asia . with
That is why I learn English .
I am sure that experiences of South Korea will help them since Korea went through colonization , military dictatorship , polarization of wealth , political corruption etc .
I am sure that experiences of South Korea will help them since Korea went through colonization , military dictatorship , polarization of wealth , political corruption etc . the experiences and political corruption
Some of these problems influence us negatively even now .
Anyway , let me finish my word saying my real dream .
Anyway , let me finish my saying my real dream . work by saying
That is just to live somewhere to be able to get a peaceful mentality .
I have a lot of anger and hatred in my mind .
Sometimes I am afraid of myself .
Just a simple and serene life , this is what I want the most .

Business Trip
Now I am visiting Edinburgh .
I am sorry that I replied your comments late and I did not write my diary everyday .
I am sorry that I replied to your comments late and I did not write my diary everyday .
I am sorry that I replied to your comments late and I did not write in my diary everyday .
I will go back to Ohio 10th April .
I will go back to Ohio on April 10th .

Out of Stock
Lately , a problem appeared .
Recently , a problem occurred .
Materials of daily entries are out of stock !
Materials for daily entries are out of stock !
I have always looked around something interesting for this site , and collected incidents that often happen to us .
I have always looked around for something interesting on this site , and collected incidents that often happen to us .
I have always looked around for something interesting for this site , and collected incidents that often happen to us .
I wanted to find differences of feelings among countries .
I wanted to find different feelings among countries .
I wanted to find the differences of feelings among countries .
However !
I ca n't realize such materials for entries any longer .
I ca n't recognize such materials for entries anymore .
I have n't came across this slump for that long time .
I have n't came across this slump for a long time .
I have n't come across this slump for that long .
Will I able to get the power of notice back again ?

On the surface , we have good relationships at the office .
On the surface , we have good relationships at the office , for our jobs and gigs .
But it is only on the surface and some people have bad habits in their job and their relationships in interiorly .
But underneath this surface , some people have bad habits in their job and their relationships internally .
Especially , Yamada and Yass have too bad their way of thinking .
They always pretend fine persons but some people know their dirty mind .
They always pretend to be upstanding citizens but some people know their dirty minds .
I also hate them because they are always doing injustice .
I also dislike them because they always treat others unfairly .
We are always gotten angry from them .
They always make us angry .
I bet they are dishonest .
I want to that they will leave as soon as possible .
I wish they 'd leave as soon as possible .
It is national holiday in Japan .
It is a national holiday in Japan .
I think that spend watch the movies or play tennis on me .
I think I 'll spend the time watching movies or playing tennis .

Strange . . .
I 'm getting used to the weather here , but the thing I ca n't still get used to is the time while the sun rises in summer .
I 'm getting used to the weather here , but the one thing I still ca n't < - get used to is the time while when the sun rises in summer .
It could rise from 5am to 9pm .
It could be daylight from 5am to 9pm .
Sometimes if the weather is good and the temparature is warm , we have supper outside because it is still bright , not dark .
It 's a little strange for me , it 's not dark during the supper time , and also we can eat dinner outside ! !
It 's a little strange for me , it 's not dark during supper time , and also we can eat dinner outside ! !
It 's a little strange for me that it 's not dark during supper time and that also we can eat dinner outside ! !
not like BBQ as a usual supper , sitting at table .
Now even though I 'm in the UK , Korean meals are hot for me ^ ^
I 'm crazy about for it .
I 'm crazy about it .
I 'm obsessed about it .
It 's become my favour .
Are they correct ? and also what else would you say ?

It 's been long time to visit here .
It 's been long time since I visited here last .
Hi , all of my friends who meet here .
Hi , to all of my friends who I have met here previously .
I have troubles with me and my roommate .
These days I have some trouble with my roommate .
Recently , I 've felt something wrong to be with my life day by day .
Recently , I 've felt something wrong that has invaded my day to day life .
In the truth , I feel confused with my dream what to do .
In the truth , I feel confused about what to do .
I 'm fourth grade in the collage in Korea and I should get a job in six months .
This news makes me crazy .
I 've got burdens on my shoulders .
There is a little burden on my shoulders .
For me , I dreamed to become a social welfare not that long ago ,
For me , I dreamed to become a social worker not that long ago ,
but I 'm not sure that these days .
I think and think and think , what to do in the future .
I am thinking repeatedly about what to do in the future .
But on the sadely , still I ca n't stride throughout what I gon na do for my happines .
However sadly , still I still have n't worked through what I am going to do for my happiness .
My roommate is really outlandish .
He loves and addict to exercise at the health club and therefore , he 's been the front of his laptop at his desk .
He loves and is addicted to exercise at the health club and therefore , he 's been the at the front of his laptop at his desk .
He want to have a cake and eat it too all the times .
He wants to have a cake and eat it too all the time .
That 's way he 's always have a meal beyound midnight and talk me eat together .
That way he 's always have a meal beyond midnight and talking , trying to get me to eat with him .
His gobble 's sound makes me not to sleep early and get crazily .
His gobbling sound gives me sleep apnea . It makes me a little crazy .
How should I tell him about my difficulty .
How should I tell him about my troubles ?

In my school
I 'm on the third grade in middle school .
I 'm in third grade at middle school .
Today is Enviromental cleanup day .
So , I and my classmates had to clean our classroom and dress our uniforms neatly .
So myself and my classmates had to clean our classroom and neatly dress in our uniforms .
Korean schools have quite strict rules about costume and hair .
Korean schools have quite strict rules about dress code and hair .
Fortunately , I was n't pointed out my costume . ( If so , we would get bad point . )
Fortunately , my uniform was n't pointed out . ( If so , we would get bad point . )
I hope that Korean schools are more free like foeign schools .
I wish that Korean schools were more free like foreign schools .

It is Day off today
Today is my day off
I have no work today
I studayed English from 7 to 9 in this mornning .
I studyed English from 7am to 9am this morning .
I start to study since last January .
I began studying it since last January .

How do you study a foreign language ?
I am trying to write using recently learned expressions .
I 'm trying to write sentences using expressions I 've recently learned . ( learned recently )
It is helpful to remember expressions .
It helps me remember new expressions .
For the most part , all of them seem as if they are not correct owing to lacking in practices .
For the most part , all of them seem as if they are not correct owing to a lack of practice .
Challenge with an unfamiliar sentence is worthy of the time you spend making it .
If you have enough trying , your command of a foreign language you learn will be guaranteed high level .
If you try hard enough , your command of the foreign language which you are learning is guaranteed to be of a high level ( eventually ) .
If you try hard enough , you will eventually improve your ability to speak , write and listen to the language you are studying .
At least I expect so .
At least that 's what I would expect .
For aforementioned approach I recommend you make index cards as a vocabulary list .
With regards to the aforementioned approach , I recommend you make index cards as a vocabulary list .
When you learn something new , write down on a card .
When you learn something new , write it down on a card .
And then , writing a diary with your second language , pick up some card from the deck to apply new one to your trying .
Then , whilst writing a diary in your second language , pick up ( or select ) a card from the deck and apply it .
Then , when you write a diary with your second language , pick up one of the cards from the deck and use it in your essay . ( sentences )
How about my method of learning a new sentence ?
What do you think of my method of learning a new sentence ?
What do you think of my method for learning new sentences ?
It maybe not fit you to a tee , but it is worthwhile to try .
Do n't hesitate about starting .
Do n't hesitate to try it ( out ) .
And , Be patient with the time needed to brush your skill up .
Also , be patient with the time needed to brush up your skill .
Be patient . . . it may take to brush up on your skills .
Ah , One more thing .
Oh , and one more thing .
I almost forget to say this , by far the most important tip .
I almost forgot to say this , and it is by far the most important tip !
With all mentioned ways , the most significant hint is remained .
With all mentioned ways , the most significant hint still remains .
The hint is you need Lang - 8 friends helping with their native tongue but also your foreign language .
The hint is you need Lang - 8 friends helping with their native tongue which is also your foreign language .
The more , the merrier .
Have a nice day , my friends .
Have a nice day .

I get muscular pain .
I have a muscular pain .
Yesterday , I started new activty , Capoeira !
Yesterday , I started a new activity , Capoeira !
I 've been interested in it and I finally went to the Capoeira lesson .
I like sport and I regularly go to sportgym and train .
I like sports and I regularly go to the gym and train .
So I 'd been confident about my stamina , but Capoeira was beyond my imagination .
The motions are what I have n't taken ever and made me muscular pain .
But challenging new activity is so exciting : )

Good friend
My good friend .
My good friend yesterday was came back Taiwan from Japan ,
Yesterday , my good friend came back to Taiwan from Japan .
My good friend was came back to Taiwan from Japan yesterday .
and she goes to Japan playing for two months , so good > <
She had been to Japan on holiday for two months . She 's so lucky !
She will be in Japan on a vacation for two months , it 's so good > <
so she made an appointment with me ,
So she arranged an appointment with me ,
I do n't know where we could go ,
I did n't know where we should go .
and the weather was very very hot ! ! ! > <
The weather was really hot ! > <
so ~ ~ I decided went to eat afternoon tea again ! !
So ~ ~ I decided to have afternoon tea again ! !
Although we have known each other for eight years ,
but because her school is far from me ,
Her school is far away from me ,
because her school is far from my house ,
so we very rarely to see each other > <
so we only rarely get the chance to see one another .
we very rarely see each other > <
but when we meat each other ,
However , when we met this time ,
But when we meet each other ,
it was just like not seen in two days .
it was just like we had not seen each other in two days .
I feel so miraculous , but I like that feeling = )
It felt miraculous . I like that feeling . = )
I felt so miraculous , and I like that feeling = )
I hope we can be very long long time 's good friend .
I hope we can be good friends for a very long time .
I hope we can be good friend for a very long long time .
^ _ _ _ _ ^

It is little difficult for me to go to bed .
It is a little difficult for me to go to bed .
I have had dream for four days .
I have had the dream for four days .
Furthermore , it 's kind of bad .
For example , someone who has knife chased me in the dream ,
For example , someone who has a knife chased me in the dream ,
so I recently wake up with difficulty .
I do n't know why I have had the dream .
Anyway , I want to wake up with pleasure tomorrow morning .

The final film of the Harry Potter series
Last weekend , I went to the movie theater to see the film of the Harry Potter 's last story .
Last weekend , I went to the movie theater to see the last film of the Harry Potter series .
Last weekend , I went to the movie theater to see the last Harry Potter movie .
It was the Lady 's day , so I could watch the film only for 1000 yen .
It was Ladies ' day , so I could watch the film for only 1000 yen .
It was Ladies ' Day , so I could watch the film for only 1000 yen .
In Japan , it costs a lot to see the movie in the theater compared to the foreign theaters .
In Japan , it costs a lot to see the movie in the theater compared to foreign theaters .
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film , I wss recommended by a clerk to watch the 3D version , but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films .
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film , I was recommended by the clerk to watch the 3D version , but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films .
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film , I was recommended by a clerk to watch the 3D version , but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films .
So , I decided to watch the normal one .
In the film , it was a bit shocking because so many characters were killed , but the story was so exciting !
Especially , the last scene of the film , the battle between the Harry and Voldemote was impressive !
Especially the last scene of the film , the battle between Harry and Voldemort was impressive !
Especially the last scene of the film , the battle between Harry and Voldemort was impressive !
I have n't read the original book yet , but the film was so good that I want to read it when I have time .

Nice to meet you !
Hajimemashite !
I think that I am kinda rare person on this Lang - 8 'cause I do n't think there are so many Japanese people here .
I think that I am a rare person on this Lang - 8 'cause I do n't think there are many Japanese people here .
I could n't be bothered to work nowadays , so I skipped my job .
I could n't be bothered to work today , so I skipped work .
I am a sales person , so it is okay since I got kinda many contract nowadays . ( I am the secoud peoson who sales stuff a lot . )
I am a sales person , so it is okay since I have a contract nowadays . ( I am the second person who has the highest sales . )
so yeah , let me introduce my self .
I like : you tube , facebook , mixi , skype , call of duty , PES , drinking , football , listening songs . .
I like : you tube , facebook , mixi , skype , call of duty , PES , drinking , football , listening to music
as you can see , I am kinda Japanese geek
as you can see , I am kind of a Japanese geek
I do n't keen on studying English language .
I am not keen on studying English language .
I dolike to hear English sounds but this is like my hobby not to study .
I do like to hear the English language but this is my hobby not for study .
but yeah , I barely speak to you in English .
I hope so anyways .
Well , my friend introduced me to start this journal .
Thank you ribichan !
Daisuki desu ! x
photo : Emily

an internship
I 'm doing an internship but think about quitting it .
I 'm doing an internship but I 'm thinking about quitting
I 'm working for an print operate office .
I work for a printing office .
I mainly do a simple , repeative work like anyone can does .
I mainly do the kind of simple , repetitive work that anybody could do
But it can often be responsibility .
But it can often be a big responsibility .
While my coworker , who entered the office after about 2 weeks than me , does better works .
While my coworker , who entered the office about 2 weeks after me , gets better jobs .
She entered here as a full - time worker Dx
I 've always done my job , feeling sad .
Sorry this entry is negative much ; ;
Sorry if this entry is negative

We 're going to move another building next week so today we all cowokers were packing a lot of stuff .
We 're going to move to another building next week so today all of us coworkers were packing a lot of stuff .
We 're going to move to another building next week so today all my coworkers and I were packing a lot of stuff .
I took some pictures with my coworkers as a memory .
I took some pictures with my coworkers as a memento .
My boyfriend does n't like to be taken pictures so I asked him to take pictures with us .
Honestly , I wanted to take his `` funny `` pictures , even if he 's not that type to do so .
Anyway I made my wish and some good pictures .
Anyway I got my wish and took some good pictures .
I 'm a kind of fun - loving person , I love to think happy thoughts all the time .
I 'm a kind of fun - loving person ; I love to think happy thoughts all the time .
Because I have no good memories in my childhood .
Because I have no good memories of my childhood .
So I always bring my camera when I go out .
After I hang out with my boyfriend since last August , I took a lot of pictures with him .
Having hung out with my boyfriend since last August , I 've taken a lot of pictures with him .
We went to a lot of places and every time I looked back at my pictures , I feel so warm in my heart .
We went to a lot of places and every time I looked back at my pictures , I get a warm feeling in my heart .
When you were a child , what kind of memories do you remember ?
And are there good memories in your heart ?
Radio gymnastic
Radio Aeorbics
Do you know the radio gymnastic ?
Do you know what radio aerobics is ?
This is well known by all over Japan .
It is well known all over Japan .
There in no one who does not know this exercise .
There is no one who does not know this exercise .
The radio gymnastic starts at 6 : 30 , which could be able to be used as morning clock .
Radio aerobics starts at 6 : 30 , which can be used as an alarm clock .

New year day .
New Year 's Day .
My last entry was just crossed over the new year .
My last entry just crossed over into the new year .
I mean I could n't be in time on 12 / 31 / 09 .
That 's OK , but I always annoyed with little things like this . . .
That 's OK , but I always get annoyed with little things like this . . .
sorry for detalis .
sorry for the ( irrelevant ) details .
Anyway , today is the first day of 2010 in Japan .
Are you still in 2009 ?
You have still time whatever you forgot to do in 2009 : )
You have still time to do whatever you forgot to do in 2009 : )
Changing my story , this year , I want to have a dog .
Our family have had two Pomeranians since I was twelve .
Both of them has been dead for a few years .
Both of them have been dead for a few years .
It was so sad things to think about the `` death `` , but we want Pome if we had a chance to keep .
It was so sad to think about the `` death `` , but we want Pome if we had a chance to keep them .
Nowadays , dogs and cats are sold by the internet .
Nowadays , dogs and cats are sold on the internet .
Do you know this ?
It 's sometimes reasonable and easier to find , but I 'm sorry for such a light way .
I know it 's better to find a foster parents , but I think I want to meet them before I decide to buy it .
I know it 's better to find foster parents , but I think I want to meet them before I decide to buy them .
This is a difficult problem to discuss . . .
Now I remembered a proverb `` So many men , so many minds . ``
Time is fast .
It 's almost time to go out .
I 'm going out for paying the shrine for the first visit of the year .
( You may ask what is my wishing for .
( You may ask what is my wish for .
It 's a top secret ! ! ! . . .
Ha - ha ! ) Well , Have a nice day .
A happy new year
A happy new year !
Happy New Year !
I want to speak English fluently in this year .
I want to speak English fluently this year .
To tell the truth , I do n't like study language .
To tell the truth , I do n't like studying languages .
Once I open textbook , I start another one except study .
Once I open a textbook , I start doing something other than studying ,
Comic television and game .
such as reading comics , watching television , and playing games .
But this year is different way .
But this year will be different .
Please teach me efficient way of study English .
Please teach me an efficient way of studying English .
What do you way ?
What do you think ?

Frist time
This is my frist time to come here , I known it from my teacher and really find it is a good studying place to learn english . at the same time , I want to find more and more friends from here !
This is my first time coming here . I learned of this website from my teacher and found it to be a really good place to study English . At the same time , I want to make some friends here !

My birthday 16 day April
My birthday is April 16
My birthday 16 day April ! Have who can bless
My birthday is on April 16 .
Do n't know how to spend my time ! !
But I do n't know how I am going to spend that day !

I took paid vacation
Today , I took paid vacation .
Today , I took a paid vacation .
Because , typhoon came to Japan on today .
Because , a typhoon came to Japan today .
But , typhoon passed Japan early morning .
But , the typhoon passed Japan early this morning .
So , I was leisure .
So , I was relaxed .
So , I had leisure time .
And I go to a library .
I went to a library .
I borrow the novel `` Green mile `` witten by Stephen Edwin King .
I borrowed the novel `` Green mile `` witten by Stephen Edwin King .
I loved the movie `` The Shawshank Redemption `` .
So , I am looking forward to this novel .
I do n't know I will finish reading this novel .
I do n't know if I will finish reading this novel .
But , I try to reading !
But , I will try !

Solve the problem
There was something happened in my house , I just feel not comfortable .
Recently something happened in my house , so I just do n't feel comfortable .
Recently something happened in my house , and now I feel uncomfortable .
Whatever my roomates and I will solve that .
Whatever my roommates and I will solve that .
This time I know the person that who can be friend or just have diatance .
This time I know the person who can be friend or just have distance .
This time I know the person can be friend or a stranger .
Never mind

My wedding ceremony
I held a wedding ceremony about 1month ago .
I held a wedding ceremony about one month ago .
Many friends and relatives came our wedding ceremony .
Many friends and relatives came to our wedding ceremony .
I was glad to see them , and I was pleased with their blessing .
I told my parent and my wife to thanks .
I thanked my parents and my wife .
so I thought the wedding ceremony became special .
so I think the wedding ceremony became special .
And I never forget that special day .
And I will never forget that special day .
Our couple is happy !
We are a happy couple !

Caught a cold again
My youngest daughter caught a cold again .
She 's coughing when she 's asleep .
I 'm sorry about it .
I feel sorry for her .
I hope she 'll be able to sleep well soon .

modest and respect
The Japanese is basically modest .
The Japanese are basically modest .
Japanese people are usually modest .
Because Japanese signify respect other party .
Because the Japanese value respect for other party .
Because the Japanese value respect for the other party .
And Japanese were agricultural people ancient times ,
And the Japanese were agricultural people in ancient times ,
Japanese people used to be agricultural people during the ancient times ,
Japanese had been grown by nature .
they have grown alongside nature .
It growed japanese spirit that respected nature .
So a Japanese spirit developed that respected nature .
It growed the japanese spirit that respects nature .

I 'm gon na go to Taiwan at the spring vacation .
I 'm Yuya .
This is the first diary for me .
This is my first diary entry .
By the way , what are you gon na do at the spring vacation ?
By the way , what are you gon na do during spring vacation ?
Well , I 'm gon na go to Taiwan at the spring vacation .
Well , I 'm gon na go to Taiwan
Do you know why ?
My brother staying to make a business trip in Taiwan for three months .
My brother is staying in Taiwan for three months on a business trip .
So I 'm gon na go to Taiwan by using the period .
So I 'm gon na go to Taiwan during that period .
Of course , I 'm gon na stay at the my brother 's house .
Of course , I 'm gon na stay at my brother 's house .
I 'm studying Chinese a little now 'cause it 's a spring vacation soon .
I 'm studying Chinese a little now 'cause will be spring vacation soon .
I 'm looking forward to this trip .
Thank you .

My emotions
Sometimes we discover our self through troubles and stances .
I think I am a calm person but when I engaged in hard talk with my friend , I lost my ability to control my feelings and could n't say anything and felt my mind and thinking were stopped from working .
I think I am a calm person but when I engaged in hard talk with my friend , I lost my ability to control my feelings and could n't say anything and I felt like I could n't think anymore .
I know I can express about my feeling with a good manner if I was calm but what I can do with my emotions .
I know I could express my feelings better if I was calm but what I can I do about my emotions ?

Song lyrics
Hello everybody .
I try to compose the songs with English lyrics and if my mistakes are corrected I 'll greatly appreciate .
I tried to compose the songs with English lyrics and if my mistakes are corrected I 'll greatly appreciate it .
= The child 's no more =
= The Child is No More =
Born under snow , dying in the sun
Innocent soul , you have forever gone
Nobody cares , I hear the laugh
I only hope , you ever felt the love
Father , do n't leave me
Where have you gone ?
Mother , I love you
For me you 're the one
Do n't you forget me ,
Life will go on
Without me . . .
Why am I so alone ?
You try to breathe - the air is dead
Life 's gon na leave , though you ca n't understand
Why should you die - you are so young
No one remembers you , only ruthless sun
Father , do n't leave me
Where have you gone ?
Mother , I love you
For me you 're the one
Do n't you forget me ,
Life will go on
Without me . . .
I ' D BETTER NOT TO BE BORN ! ! !
I will pray for you because you do n't know
What you have done , and can do it once more
Whose justification will help you not to feel lone ,
Whose justification will help you not to feel alone ,
How it was with me , when I called you before ?
Although I was down
My soul will be cured
Without fear of future
Without fear of the future
I 'll step in opened door
I 'll step into the open door
I can not blame someone
I 'm deceasing pure
Without sins and virtues
And the child 's no more

Introduce my self
I just started lang - 8 last week .
so , today I 'll introduce myself .
So , today I 'll introduce myself .
I 'm Amy from Japan .
My home town is very small and surrounded mountains which is located in center of Japan .
My home town is very small and by surrounded mountains and is located in the center of Japan .
My home town is very small and surrounded by mountains in the center of Japan .
I grown up seeing the Japanese Alps in the distance from my house .
I grew up seeing the Japanese Alps in the distance from my house .
I lived with my parents , elder sister who is married and growing up her son and daughter with her hasband .
I lived with my parents and my elder sister who is married and raising her son and daughter with her husband .
I lived with my parents and my elder sister who is now married and raising her son and daughter with her husband .
we have one very cute white cat .
We had one very cute white cat .
We have one very cute white cat .
I liked sleeping with her in my bed .
On weekend , I enjoy cooking , swimming in the pool , practicing Yoga in my room , reading books .
On weekends , I enjoy cooking , swimming in the pool , practicing Yoga in my room , and reading books .
On weekends , I enjoy cooking , swimming in the pool , practicing Yoga in my room , and reading books .
and I 'm learning japanese tea celemony once in a week .
And I 'm learning Japanese tea ceremony once a week .
and I 'm learning Japanese tea ceremony once in week .
I 'm interested in japanese traditional culture , such as tea celemony , kimono , japanese flower arrangement .
I 'm interested in Japanese traditional culture , such as tea ceremony , kimono , and Japanese flower arrangement .
Nowadays these are something we pay money to learn for many japanese .
Nowadays these are something that many Japanese pay money to learn .
Nowadays these are things many Japanese people pay money to learn .
Some people wear kimono often or everyday ( example , who are obsessed in japanese culture , who learn / teach tea celemoney , japanese manner and japanese flower arrangements . . .
Some people wear kimono often or everyday ( for example , those who are obsessed with Japanese culture , who learn / teach tea ceremony , Japanese manners and Japanese flower arrangements . . .
Some people wear kimono often or everyday ( for example , people who are obsessed with Japanese culture , who study / teach tea ceremony , Japanese etiquette or Japanese flower arrangement . . .
Though , many japanese do n't own their Kimono , rent and take service to be wore Kimono when we need .
Though , many Japanese do n't own their Kimono and they use a rental service so they can wear a kimono only when they need it .
However , many apanese do n't own their own kimono ; instead they use a service to rent kimono when needed .
We do n't do tea celemony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are famillier with it .
We do n't do tea ceremony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are familiar with it .
We do n't do tea ceremony in daily life except when our families or ourselves are familiar with it .
The reason why I 'm interested in japanese culture is that we need to have skills well balanced in many janles .
The reason why I 'm interested in Japanese culture is that we need to have skills well balanced in many genres .
The reason why I 'm interested in Japanese culture is that we need to have well - balanced skills in many genres .
And , we become eager to learn every janle equally .
And , we become eager to learn every genre equally .
when I learn tea celemoney , we became eager to learn good handwriting , languages , behaviour , flower arrangement .
When I learn tea ceremony , I became eager to learn good handwriting , languages , behaviour , and flower arrangements .
when I study tea ceremony , I become eager to learn good handwriting , languages , behaviour , and flower arrangement .
whe I learn martial arts , I became eager to learn behaviour .
When I learn martial arts , I become eager to learn behaviour .
When I studied martial arts , I became eager to learn behaviour .
It 's not necessary to these leveles are excellent .
It 's not necessary that the level of all our skills be excellent .
the important is that we have skills equally in many janle .
The important thing is that we have equal skills in many genres .
The important thing is that we have equal skills in many genres .
as a begineer , you need to have every skilles at beginner 's level .
As a beginner , you need to have every skill at a beginner 's level .
As a beginner , you need to have every skill at a beginner 's level .
if you go intermidiate in one janle , you need to have skills which is better than beginners also in other janle .
If you go intermediate in one genre , you need to have skills which are better than a beginner 's also in other genres .
If you progress to the intermediate level in one genre , you need to have skills which are better than a beginner 's in other genres as well .
I think Japanese traditional culture has enomous things more than we can learn and understand through whole our life .
I think Japanese traditional culture has many more things than we can learn and understand throughout our whole lives .
I think Japanese traditional culture has many more things than one person can learn and understand throughout the whole of his or her life .
I will try writing about these things I learnd .
I will try writing about these things I learned .
I will try writing about these things I learned .
As an Engineer , I 'm interested in medical and technology .
As an Engineer , I 'm interested in medical [ medicine ? ] and technology .
I hope I can make friends who have interested in these topics , and practice talking and discussing in English .
I hope I can make friends who are interested in these topics , and practice talking and discussing them in English .
I hope I can make friends who have an interest in these topics , and practice talking about and discussing them in English .
Thank you for reading long introduction written in poor English .
Thank you for reading my long introduction written in poor English .
Thank you for reading my long introduction written in poor English .

Dec 10th : Sherk 3
Dec 10th : Shrek 3
I had seen ' Sherk 3 ' on TV tonight .
I watched ' Shrek 3 ' on TV tonight .
It was the first time to see the movie .
It was the first time I had seen the movie .
It 's my first time watching this movie . ( another option )
I was little tired because it was so busy .
I was a little tired because I 'd been busy . ( another option )
I ate an pears and drink something hot .
I ate some pears and drank something hot .
Hmm , I 'm falling sleep .
Hmm , I 'm falling asleep .
See you tomorrow .

iPod Touch ! !
Recently , I bought a iPod Touch . because , that way English study 's more interesting .
Recently , I bought an iPod Touch . It makes studying English more interesting .
In fact , This is very usefull and cool design .
In fact it is very useful and has a cool design .
But , One problem is the battery has decreased in an instant .
But one problem with it is the battery decreases in an instant .
by the way , I like watching japanese animation movies .
By the way , I like watching Japanese animation movies .
I especially like `` The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya `` dubbed in English .
Do you like Japanese Animation Movies ?
I 'm waiting for your comment = >
Thank you : >

Being a Student
this entry is about what I talked about with my friend today :
This entry is about what I talked about with my friend today :
what should I do while I am a collage student ( in other words , before I graduate and work ) . . . ?
What should I do while I am a college student ( in other words , before I graduate and work ) . . . ?
I did an internship in Japan for 6 months and it was killing me .
I did an internship in Japan for 6 months , and it killed me .
I was like this : I worked from 8am to 10pm 6days a week , and I slept a whole day on Sun because I usually didnt sleep enough and felt so sleepy everyday .
It was like this : I worked from 8am to 10pm , 6 days a week , and I slept a whole day on Sun because I usually did n't sleep enough , and I felt so tired everyday .
then Mon came and I worked so hard for such a long time on Mon to Sat . . .
Then Mon came and I worked so hard for such a long time , Mon to Sat . . .
I seriously didnt have any time and energy for investing in myself in the future .
I seriously did n't have any time and energy for investing myself in the future .
im crazy about books and usually read everyday basically FOR FUN .
I 'm crazy about books and usually read everyday basically FOR FUN .
happily my curiosity is so strong and books satisfy it a lot .
BUT I even couldnt do that during the period .
BUT I could n't even read during the period .
how the hell could I study something that will be needed for myself in the future ?
How the hell could I study something that will be necessary in the future ?
we , students , dont have money .
We students do n't have money .
but we have plenty of time .
But we have plenty of time .
of course I have to say students are also busy with study , part time job or whatever .
Of course , I have to say students are also busy with study , part time job , etc .
but compared to people working , we are absolutely so free .
But compared to people working , we are absolutely so free .
so what I wanna do in a college is something which I have to spend so much time to acquire it .
So what I wanna do in a college is something which I have to spend a lot of time on to get .
so far I came up with 3 things .
So far I came up with 3 things .
1 . learn and understand history
2 . master English
3 . study finance and accounting
seriously I think that if I study these things before I graduate and prepare myself for the future , my life will change in a good way .
Seriously , I think that if I study these things before I graduate and prepare myself for the future , my life will change in a good way .
id like to explain more details about those 3 things but now I have to study for the exam which will be the most difficult ever ( in fact , its killing me ! ! !
I 'd like to explain more details about those 3 things , but now I have to study for the exam which will be the most difficult yet ( in fact , its killing me ! ! ! )
I have so many things to do ) .
I have so many things to do .

My U . K . 's memory
My memories of the U . K .
This happened when I was in elementary school .
I went to the U .
K . with my family and visited some tourist spots .
Eventually , my stomach was getting pain .
Then we took a taxi to see a doctor .
My stomachache just came from why the food were not suitable for me after all , I could n't enjoy the travel .
My stomachache was caused by eating different food , which was not suitable for me after all . Because of my illness , I could n't enjoy the trip .
I 'll never forget that travel .
I 'll never forget that trip .

I wanted to play with my dog today .
But she has lied down on the sofa .
But she lied down on the sofa .
She was not going to play .
And she had tears on her eyes .
And she had tears in her eyes .
Is she ill - conditioned ?
I was very sad .
Now she is sleeping on the sofa too .
Now she is again sleeping on the sofa .
I hope she will get better soon .

Japanese Sake ( ^ o ^ ) - - - - I wanted to - - - -
I went to Yakiniku with 10 people who are from U .
I went to Yakiniku with 10 people who are from the U .
A , Sweden , Indnesia , China , Canada and Japan .
We firstly try to talk as awkward in English .
We first tried awkwardly to speak in English .
And then , We start drinking and eating as much as we likes .
Then , we started eating and drinking as much as we liked .
We drink a lot of grass of the beer , because they hold their liquor well .
We drank a lot of beer , because they could hold their liquor well .
There often be two beer mug on the table each person .
There were often two beer mugs on the table per person .
The sweadish man said ' ' Kampai ' ' each fifteen munits .
The Swedish man said ' ' Kampai ' ' every fifteen minutes .
It was very fun ( ^ 0 ^ )
The most surprised one in that day was drinking Japanese Sake .
The thing that was most surprising for them that day was drinking Japanese sake .
They have drunk cold Sake before , they said the taste was not good .
They had drunk cold Sake before , and they said it tasted bad .
So , I checked them to who wants to drink with me , but nobody wants .
So , I asked if any of them wanted to drink with me , but nobody wanted to .
This time I ordered a warm sake bottle with two sake cups , and I will drink slowly un till we leave .
This time I ordered a warm sake bottle with two sake cups , and I planned to drink slowly until we left .
I poured my cup and another one for they can try to taste warm one .
I poured my cup and then another one so they could try the warm one .
I gave it to Nick .
We drink it , then , Nick said ' ' its taste good ' ' .
We drank it , then Nick said ' ' It tastes good . ``
Then , he started to poured Sake for evry international students he gave one by one .
Then , he started to pour sake for all the international students , one by one .
Just taked 5 munits , the Sake bottle was empty .
After just 5 minutes , the sake bottle was empty .
I was in dump surprised , because they drinked Sake at once poured by poured .
I was in dumb surprise , because they drank sake cup after cup .
And then I realized that was last order .
And then I realized that was the last order .
So , Japanese should tell do not drink like drinking the tequila to foreigners before stats to drink the Sake .
So , Japanese should tell foreigners not to drink sake like they drink tequila .
If you forget this , you will see the only empty bottle in a short time .
If you forget this , you will see the bottle empty in a short time .

Chat 's girl
I 've got a reason why she stoped a chat suddenly .
I 've got a reason why she stopped chatting suddenly .
She gave me a message .
She sent me a message .
She told me that her computer had a problem .
Her computer did n't work at that time .
She said to me `` I 'm sorry `` .
I 'm happy .

I try to start writing my diary again !
I attempted to write diary until today but I did n't make it because I was very busy .
I attempted to write a diary until today but I was n't able to because I was very busy .
Today , however , I decided to write diary again .
Today , , I decided to write in my diary again .
Now , I study English harder in order to make the TOEFL score .
Now , I 'm studying English harder in order to make the TOEFL score .
but my writing and speaking skills is not to good .
but my writing and speaking skills is not too good .
but my writing and speaking skills are not too good .
So I try to use this tool again .
So I 'll try to use this tool again .
Please everyone helps me to improve my English skills !
JUST DO IT

Learning English gives me not easy , because I originally studied German .
Learning English for me is not easy , because I originally studied German .
Now I have finished grade 9 .
Now I have finished 9th grade .
Finishing school , I 'm not in Russia , and in Ireland .
Finishing school , not in Russia but in Ireland .
Therefore I need to deepen their knowledge of English .
Therefore , I need to deepen my knowledge of English .

I went to the beach to surfing yesterday .
I went to the beach to go surfing yesterday .
Although the wave were samll , there was a lot of surfer in the sea .
Although the waves were small , there were a lot of surfers in the sea .
So I went to another beach .
The wave were smaller than previous beach and there is a few surfer .
The waves were smaller than previous beach and there were a few surfers .
So I decided to do surfing at this beach .
So I decided to go surfing at this beach .
Sea is cold a little .
The sea is a little cold .
But I had fun very much .
On the way back from the beach to my house , I ate the ramen .
On the way back from the beach to my house , I ate ramen .
It was the first time I ate this ramen .
It was very delicious !

Hello . . .
I joined this site today . . .
I think it is so helpful . . .
I always wanted somebody to correct my English sentences . . .
I always want somebody to correct my English sentences . . .
It seems that there are so many teachers who can do it . . .
I want to improve my English ability and to communicate with more people in English . . .
I think so many times to make some English sentences . . .
It is sometimes painful . . .
I want me to speak and write English more naturally . . .
I want to speak and write English more naturally . . .

I read a news which said that there are many Americans who like to use this social network , and that someone even took days off just to play it at home .
I read a newspaper which said that there are many Americans who like to use this social network , and that someone even took days off of work just to play it at home .
I also found that twitter is getting popular in Europe and America , and here in Taiwan many tech - geeks use plurk more .
I also found out that Twitter is getting popular in Europe and America , but here in Taiwan many tech - geeks use Plurk more .
Due to the Facebook has Chinese version , I spend some time registering it .
Because Facebook has a Chinese version , I spent some time registering for an account .
It is not what I though it would be , I originally though it was supposed to be a Blog interface or something like that .
It is not what I though it would be , I originally though it was supposed to be a Blog interface or something like that .
To my curious , it has many mini games , and many groups were established out of it .
Next time I want to try to study Twitter or Plurk .
To keep up with the technology is very important , something new to this era may be out - of - date in the upcoming future .
To keep up with the technology is very important to me , something new in this era may be out - of - date in the future .

My 111th English Gogyohka
When I bite into
a cucumber picked
a cucumber
in our kitchen garden
picked from our kitchen garden
it sounds crunchy
like the cool of summer .

I learn about how to improve my english skill from a book that title is
I 'm learning about how to improve my English skill from a book that 's title is
I am learning how to improve my english skills from a book that title is
`` My English Study Resume `` .
It ` s very impressive book for me .
It 's a very impressive book for me .
The book offers way of english study through seventeen people who succeed in english study
The book offers ways of English study through seventeen people who succeed in English study
It is very helpful when I study english in a slump
The book always show me how to solve a slump .
The book always shows me how to solve a slump .
BUT . . .
I ` M IN THE SLUMP YET ,
I ` M NOT IN THE SLUMP YET .

Guess what .
I finally made the tough final exam done .
I finally finished the tough final exam .
^ ^ It 's the Stats !
To be frank , I 'm not good at math whatsoever .
To be frank , I 'm not good at math in any way whatsoever .
It 's terrible . .
But , listen ! ! !
I have some excuse .
I have an excuse .
I did n't take any math class in highschool .
I did n't take any math classes in high school .
So , I could n't help it .
^ ^ In mid - term exam , I screwed up the Stats actually . .
^ ^ During the mid - term exam , I screwed up the Stats actually . .
It 's horrible score .
I scored horribly .
^ ^ ( I can not laugh . ) But , this time I hope the result is gon na be better to get a credit . .
^ ^ ( I can not laugh . ) But this time I hope the result is gon na be better so I can get credit . .

My friend brithday is next month .
My friend 's brithday birthday is next month .
Yesterday , I talked with my other friends about her brithday .
We wanna doing something .
We wanna do something .
But we do n't have good ideas .
But we do n't have any good ideas .
Please help us .
I waiting for your nice ideas .
I will be waiting for your nice ideas .

Ginger pork and my bike ! !
This summer , sometimes I do n't feel like eating anything due to summer heat .
It 's too bad !
I need some more nutritious meals !
So I cooked Ginger pork yesterday .
That was good : )
In Japan , Pork , Unagi ( eel ) and Yakiniku ( broiled meat ) etc . .
are good for beating summer heat .
are good for beating the summer heat .
What kind of food are effective against summer heat in your country ?
What kind of foods are effective in your country ?
I 'm very fine at the office today .
I 'm feeling pleasant at the office today .
I 'm doing well at the office today .
Because I rode on my bike through the forest on the way to the office and Ginger pork might help my health .
Riding my bike through the forest on the way to the office and the ginger pork may have contributed to that .
It 's a goody today : )
Today is a good day . : )

One of the traditions of my flight squadron
It 's been a long time .
Recently , I was extremely busy because of end of fiscal year .
Recently , I was extremely busy because of the end of the fiscal year .
Recently , I was extremely busy because of the end of the fiscal year .
4
I had to make up a document for year 's result of flight training .
I had to make a document for this year 's results from flight training .
I had to make up a document for this year 's flight training results .
I had to write an annual report on flight training .
I had to document the results of this year 's flight training .
By the way , our flight squadron has a interesting tradition .
By the way , our flight squadron has an interesting tradition .
I work at the Japan 's Air Self Defense Force and I operate a F - 15 that is combat airplane .
I work at the Japan 's Air Self Defense Force and I operate an F - 15 which is a combat airplane .
I work for Japan 's Air Self Defense Force and I operate a F - 15 , a combat airplane .
I work for the Japan 's Air Self Defence Force and I operate a F - 15 fighter plane .
Our squadron 's character is the Tengu that is Japanese long - nosed goblin .
Our squadron 's character is the Tengu , a Japanese long - nosed goblin .
Our squadron 's character is the Tengu , the Japanese long - nosed goblin .
It is said that once upon a time , the Tengu lived in Mt Hiko that is the highest mountain around my airbase .
It is said that once upon a time , the Tengu lived in Mt Hiko which is the highest mountain around my airbase .
It is said that once upon a time , the Tengu lived in Mt Hiko , the highest mountain around my airbase .
The shape of the Tengu was like a human beings but he had wings and could fly so we adopt it as a charactor and our good angel of filght squadron .
The shape of the Tengu was like a human being but he had wings and could fly so we adopted it as our mascot and our flight squadron 's guardian angel .
The Tengu 's bodies were like a human being 's , but he had wings and could fly , so we adopted it as a character and our squadron 's good angel of flight .
Actually , each squadron 's flight time of a year is assigned by our headquater .
Actually , each squadron 's flight time for the year is assigned by our headquarters .
Actually , each squadron 's yearly flight time is assigned by our headquarters .
After finishing year 's flight , we usually climb Mt hiko because we report the safely completion of year 's flight to the Tengu and pray for next year 's safety flight .
After finishing the year 's flights , we usually climb Mt Hiko because we report the safe completion of the year 's flights to the Tengu and pray for next year 's flights to be safe .
After finishing year 's flight , we usually climb Mt Hiko in order to report the safe completion of this year 's flight to the Tengu and to pray for next year 's safe flight .

Guiness world records
Do you know `` ocarina `` ?
Do you know about the `` ocarina `` ?
It is a wind instrument ?
It is a wind instrument .
I do n't know that .
I did n't know that .
Ocarina players try to the Guiness world records
Ocarina players will try to set a Guiness world record
in a park Nagoya JAPAN tomorrow .
in a park in Nagoya tomorrow .
They are trying to play it all together of over 600 people
They are trying to play with over 600 people all together .
I 'm gon na shoot a video of the event .
We are gon na go to the park today , so we have to organize that event .
We are gon na go to the park today , so we have to organize it .
I got ta go now .

Accident !
This morning , I got in trouble .
This morning , I got into trouble .
When I climbed down stairs to get the train , I twisted my ankle .
When I climbed down the stairs to get to the train , I twisted my ankle .
My ankle hurts a lot .
I was standing pain during my work , however it 's gradually getting more and more pain .
I was withstanding the pain during my work , however it 's gradually getting more and more painful .
So , after my work , I went to drug store and bought fomentation .
So , after my work , I went to the drug store and bought fomentation .
I hope it will become painless tomorrow .

Study English
Recently , I study English to enjoy traveling and academic meetings .
But , it is difficult for me to listen to English because it is so fast .
I can understand reading English script , but cannnot understand listening to it .
So , how do I study English ?
I want to master English very well .

`` Kindle `` has come
I bought Amazon Kindle and it came home today .
I want to see if e - books are good or not .
I wanted to see if e - books are good or not .
I am trying to read `` New York Times `` , `` Washington Post `` , `` TIME `` and `` News Week `` on Kindle .
I have been trying to read `` The New York Times `` , `` Washington Post `` , `` Time `` and `` Newsweek `` on Kindle .
Totally it 's a good experience .
I realized reading newspapers are good but reading magazines are not so good .
I realized reading newspapers on Kindle works well , but reading magazines does n't work so well .
Browsing newspapers by its headlines are easier than browsing magazines by its article 's title .
Browsing newspapers by headlines is easier than browsing magazines by article titles . Maybe that 's a little more natural .
But in the paper world , I can easily browse magazines .
Where does this different come from ?
Where does this difference come from ?
The answer which I realized is that I 'm browsing magazines by its picture not characters .
At first I see the outline of articles by picture and if it looks interesting for me I start to read .
Magazines on Kindle in Japan do n't have a picture .
Magazines on Kindle in Japan do n't have pictures .
I will read newspapers on Kindle and magazines on papers .

It 's very windy and cold today .
My daughter had an asthma attack .
I took her to see a doctor .
She took some medicine .
Now she is sleeping . . .

Happy Day
suddenly it was raining while I was washing my hairs this evening .
It suddenly started raining while I was washing my hair this evening .
That meaned , the four days ' hotness and wetness had come to end .
That meant the four - day long heat and wetness had come to an end .
What 's the better , the cool wind had been coming along .
What 's better is the cool wind has been coming .
Thanks to the
wonderful weather , I felt pretty happy and decided to practice my
dieting plan .
Yes , just do it ! I praised mysellf so much , for that I only ate a cup of sesame paste and a banana and an apple as my supper .
`` Yes , just do it ! `` . I praised myself so much that I only ate a cup of sesame paste , a banana and an apple as my supper .
What ' more , my stomach is still feeling good now .
But I Know , diet is a
But I know a diet is a
rather long journey , and it demands a lot of persistence and endeavour .
rather long journey , and it demands a lot of persistence and endeavor .
So , keep on !

I 'm in a bad mood day . . . . .
I 'm in a bad mood today . . . . .
I do n't know what Im on that : (
I do n't know why . : (
Anyway , I have a Japanese class and a student has come my class .
Anyway , I have a Japanese class and a student has come to my class .
I 'll try to my best !
I 'll try to my best ,
look on the brite side !
to look on the bright side !

Incoming hurricane
Incoming hurricane in my live area .
There is an incoming hurricane in my area .
The news say tomorrow or day after tomorrow .
The news said it will come tomorrow or the day after tomorrow .
It rained off and on today .
The weather forcast says heavy rain tomorrow .
The weather forcast says there will be heavy rain tomorrow .
I 'm going to my office by scooter everyday .
I 'm go to my office by scooter everyday .
I will go by train in place of scooter tomorrow .
I will go by train instead of a scooter tomorrow .
By train take longer than usual .
Going by train takes longer than usual .
I must get up early tomorrow .
I like a fine day .
I like nice days .

study more
Today , I watched the video on youtube .
Today , I watched a video on youtube .
Today , I watched a video on youtube .
In video , the man appear who can use English and Japanese from Australia .
In the video , a man appeared who can speak English and Japanese from Australia .
In video , a man from Australia appears who can speak both English and Japanese .
He say ( in Japanese ) three tips of how to study a foreign Language .
He said ( in Japanese ) `` three tips of how to study a foreign Language . ``
He says ( in Japanese ) three tips on how to study a foreign language .
First , you go into the place in which there are many people using English .
Second , think simply .
Second , think simple .
Last , do n't be shy to use foreign Language .
Last , do n't be shy to use a / the foreign Language .
Last of all , do n't be shy to use foreign languages .
So , do it from now on ( ^ o ^ )

My40th - Lost Passport
This training course continues until end of month .
I 'll be in Pune for the remaining week .
I have started packing my luggage .
In the morning , my colleague started saying that she could n't find her own passport .
If she lost it , she must perform procedures to go home without it or stay here .
It would be a big problem .
Fortunately , It was found in our company 's desk .
We really felt relieved when we heard of it .
We love Pune , but we want to come back because we love Japan more .

Match in the rain
I drove to my son 's school to see his soccer game in the rain .
According to the handout which his coach gave out , the starting time of the game was 10o ' clock .
When I arrived thirty minutes early , he was on the pitch .
His team - mate 's parents told me that the game moved up because the previous game was cancelled .
They knew the change of schedule because their son had told them yesterday . . . .
I did n't know it because my son had n't told me . . . .
After all , I could see only last ten mimutes of the game .
Unfortunately , I could only see the last ten mimutes of the game .
She told me that my son had ran up the pitch and chipped in a shot .
I really wanted to see that scene because I 've never had such a chance !

Halloween ! !
Yesterday was Halloween , so my friends & I walked around downtown wearing costumes .
Yesterday was Halloween , so my friends & amp ; I walked around downtown wearing costumes . ( Good ! )
There were a lot of people wearing costumes , they were cazy and funky .
There were a lot of people wearing costumes ; they were crazy and funky .
After that , we went to night club and dance , dance , dance ! ! !
After that , we went to night club to dance , dance , dance ! ! !
After that , we went to night club and danced , danced , danced ! ! !
I was up all night , then my condition is n't so good today and there are n't much to do anything .
We would say : I was up all night and I do n't feel too good today . There is n't anything to do .
I was up all night , then my condition is n't so good today and there is n't much to do .
I 'm lazy today - - - -
Waring Kimono
Wearing a Kimono
I have learned how to wear kimono for about 1 year .
I have learn how to wear a kimono for about 1 year .
I was shameful I could n't wear kimono by myself as Japanese .
As a Japanese , I was ashamed that I could n't wear a kimono by myself .
So I decided to learn wearing kimono .
So I decided to learn how to wear a kimono .
After we take off kimonos , we fold them regularly .
The regular way of holding them is really reasonable .
And Kimonos are succeeded from a mother to her daughter because kimonos do n't need the same height and weight of people who wear .
I can find Japanese ancient wisdom and respect ancient people .
It 's really good for me to learn how to wear kimono .
It 's really good for me to learn how to wear a kimono .
I 'm proud of culture of my country .
I 'm proud of the culture of my country .

No way without any ways
I have come back to America again .
For last two months I had to do 2 round trips to Siberia and back .
For the last two months I have made 2 round trips to Siberia and back .
During it I changed 12 airplains .
During these trips I changed planes 12 times .
And moreover this fall there were two domestic flights within the USA .
And moreover , this fall I took two domestic flights within the USA .
So , on the whole - 14 flights .
Now It is a night but I feel this jet lag , my body can ` t understand in what time zone I am living at last .
But at the same time I know that a little bit later I will wish to travel again .

Today , I had a P .
Today , I had a P .
E . class in the field .
I chose to play soccer .
I chose to play soccer ,
So , I am very tired .
so I am very tired .
I had played soccer for seven years .
I have played soccer for seven years .
Worldcup of 2002 was the most exciting event for me who was in elementary school .
The World Cup of 2002 was the most exciting event for me when I was in elementary school .
Now , I am in the middle of preparig for examination .
Now , I am in the middle of preparing for exams ,
So , playing soccer was good chance of changing mood .
so playing soccer was good for a change of mood .
The more harder I study , the more interesting study is .

The Only Japanese Player in MLS
Do you know Kosuke Kimura , who is only Japanese to play in MLS .
A friends , on this site , told me Colorado Rapits gots the title of MLS , so I looked up it in PC .
We did n't know about MLS without Beckham in Japan .
I noticed Mr .
I noticed that Mr .
kimura has plyed the team .
He is n't famous among Japanese , because he did n't have professinal carrer in Japan .
He is n't famous among Japanese , because he did n't have a professional career in Japan .
He is 26years old and MF .
It wiil be possible that he is selected in the national team of Japan .
It might be possible t for him to be selected for the national team of Japan .
There are many Japanese coming up big in a variety of fields .
There are many Japanese coming up big in a variety of fields .
I am glad to hear those .
I am glad to hear about those .

Question about slavery
Now I 'm studying American History in 19th century .
I 'm studying American History in the 19th century now .
What are differences between abolitionism and antislavery politics ?
What are the differences between abolitionism and antislavery politics ?

I slept well !
Today , I slept well .
There are two reasons this happens .
There are two reasons this happened .
First , because I went out to participate a business seminar yesterday .
I felt so stain in this seminar .
Second , because I studied the all night before yesterday .
Second , because I studied all night before yesterday .
I had a lot of task to do till yesterday .
I had a lot of tasks to do until yesterday .
In short , I was so tired yesterday .

it 's thunderstorms this afternoon
( There was a ) thunderstorm this afternoon
I 'm unhappy because of the change , about my job
it 's too late when I got home tonight , tiring ~
I think meeting like this just waste time ~
I think ( a ) meeting like ( that is ) just ( wasteful process ) ~

nice to meet you .
what 's up ?
I am tomo .
today I can pass the eiken 2nd grade !
today I passed the eiken 2nd grade !
so exciting and happy !
I 'm so excited and happy !
Sometimes alcohol can be good medicine ?
Since I had stomach ache for 3 days and I thought it 's different from usual ache , this morning I saw a doctor in the holiday clinic in our town .
Since I had stomach ache for 3 days and I thought it was different from usual ache , this morning I saw a doctor in the holiday clinic in our town .
I had an interview with a doctor and she said it might be only a stomach ache , and it seemed there were no other symptoms in my body .
Then she prescribed two type of medicine for me and told me not to drink alcohol and see a doctor after the new year holidays .
Then she prescribed two types of medicine for me and told me not to drink alcohol and see a doctor after the new year holidays .
However I had been invited to a year end party in my neighbors house this evening .
At first I intended not to go to the party due to my illness .
But once the time had come , I could n't help joining the party .
Actually I did n't feel well when I got to the party , and I drank non - alcohol drinks .
Actually I did n't feel well when I got to the party , and I drank non - alcoholic drinks .
But a few hours later I found myself getting better .
Finally I started drinking against the doctors advice .
Fortunately I did n't feel pain again and I enjoyed drinking .
I guess that sometimes alcohol can be good medicine or enjoying what I like is the best medicine for myself .

journal week end
On week end I went to country by train .
On the weekend I went to the country by train .
It is amazing trip due to good sinery in the country .
It was an amazing trip due to beautiful scenery in the country .
I saw native animal Australia such as Kanggaroo , Koala and many variety of birds .
I saw native Australian animals such as kangaroos , koalas and many varieties of birds .
I was visit my friend to celebrate her birt day .
I visited my friend to celebrate her birthday .
I felt interested because many people from native speak language come .
I could practise speaking with them .

I learnt many things today .
Today , my university announced the participants to the language courses to study abroad in Davis , LA , and Victoria .
Today , my university announced the participants for the language courses to study abroad in Davis , LA , and Victoria .
I apply for Davis one , and I passed it .
I applied for Davis one , and I passed it .
But actually , I had a mixed feeling .
But actually , I had mixed feelings .
That 's because I 'm much more interested in the language course in Australia than those ones , like I said a few days ago .
Australian course needs fewer costs than American one .
The Australian course has fewer costs than the American one .
So , I visited the aviation agency today .
The office was located in the middle of the business district , Shinjuku .
The office was located in the middle of the business district , in Shinjuku .
The scenary was overwhelming and the conpany was smart and decent .
The scenary was overwhelming and the company was smart and decent .
The preson in charge , Mr .
Eto was very kind and he emphasized the importance of younger going abroad with his rational theory .
Eto was very kind and he emphasized the importance of younger people going abroad with his rational theory .
If I study abroad in Australia , I will have studied in Gold Coast for two weeks and enjoyed sightseeing for around a week !
If I study abroad in Australia , I will study at the Gold Coast for two weeks and enjoye sightseeing for around a week !
I 'm wondering how is the place like .
I 'm wondering what the place is like .
I 'll add sentences or entry a new journal later because I have no time now .
I 'll add sentences or write a new journal entry later because I have no time now .
Thanks for reading !

Recently favorite animation 1 - 01
The animation `` Usagi Drop `` is so cool that I watch it every week .
The anime `` Usagi Drop `` is so cool that I watch it every week .
It originate in comics .
That work makes me feel good .
Watching it makes me feel good .
I like the main characters `` Rin `` and `` Dikichi `` .
Rin is an orphan .
She is related to Dikichi and preschool kid .
She has been looked after by Dikichi since she was a preschool kid .
Daikichi took her under his care when Rin 's father dead .
Daikichi took her into his care when Rin 's father died .

What 's the `` ONIGIRI `` ?
What do you know about `` ONIGIRI `` ?
This is a simple food that rice was only gripped by the hand .
But this foods is very important for the Japanese .
I have never met any Japanese person who says that he dislikes ONIGIRI .
ONIGIRI has been continued to eat a long time after japanese born .
It exists by several kinds for the difference of contents .

Cool Weather Came
Last weekend , the weather here became not so hot .
And this morning when I rode bike to bus stop , I felt cool and did n't sweat like before .
I 'm very glad to see the cool weather 's coming !
I 'm very glad to see that the cool weather 's coming !
Question ~ !
I learned English grammar about place and movement , prepositional phrases .
So . . . .
Teacher said that Espressions of frequency , speed , and duration do not use ' in ' .
Teacher said that Expressions of frequency , speed , and duration do not use ' in ' .
example ,
' There was almost a unclear disaster in last year . ' is wrong .
' There was almost a nuclear disaster in last year . ' is wrong .
' There was almost a unclear disaster last year . ' is correct .
' There was almost a u nuclear disaster last year . ' is correct .
Yes , I understood .
' I always have a good breakfast at the morning . ' is wrong .
' I always have a good breakfast in the morning . ' is correct .
Why use ' in ' ?
That sentence is n't duration ?
I do n't understand this part .
So I really need you help ! !

Long time no see : D
I 'm good .
Recently I 'm working very hard .
Recently I 've been working very hard .
That 's why I 'm busy .
By the way , I wanna study english more .
By the way , _ I wanna study English more .
I wanna speak english .
I wanna speak English .
But , I have no time and money .
But _ I have no time and no money .
What can I do ?
Please teach me native .

Felt alone .
Today I went to the company in the morning .
I went to work this morning .
I saw many paper stick and put in my table and my computer .
I felt sad for a while .
My coworker she leaved from the company already that I guess .
She know that I just come to work for about 3 months so there have many details that I still do n't know .
She knew that I only started working 3 months ago , so there are many details that I still do n't know .
After she leaved her job was transfer to me to manage it .
After she left her job was transferred to me .
Now I just only one employee in the office .
Now I am the only employee in the office .
I work very heard and so tried since morning till everning .
I work very hard and I get so tired from working from morning till evening .
I am looking for word when someone will come to help me work to work .
I am looking forward to the time when someone will come to help me with all the work .
Hopefully soon My boss will see someone to help me .
Hopefully my boss will soon find someone to help me .

Please teach me !
Do you have favorites authors in foreign countries ?
Do you have any favorite authors in foreign countries ?
Right now I 'm thinking of writing a fan letter to my favorite author in English !
I think it is a great idea to improve my writing comprehension skills .
I think it is a great opportunity to improve my writing comprehension skills .
In addition to that , I think that I can keep motivating to write in English .
In addition to that , I think that I can keep motivated to write in English .
My favorite author 's name is Debbie Macomber from America .
Before I read her paperbacks in English , I did n't know about her .
Before I read her paperbacks in English , I did n't know anything about her .
In Japan her books have n't been published in Japanese .
I love her books very well because I can feel sympathy each character in her books .
I love her books very much because I can feel sympathy for each character in her books .
Since she has written tone of books , I really would love to read all her books !
Since she has written a ton of books , I really would love to read them all !
So anyway , I want to ask my friends who are native English speakers .
I 've never written fan letters in English before .
I 've never written a fan letter in English before .
I also do n't know how to write formal letters .
I guess I can look for how to write formal letters via the Internet , but I do n't know which is better , typing letters or hand written ones .
I guess I can look for how to write formal letters via the Internet , but I do n't know which is better , typed letters or hand written ones .
When you write fan letters , what do you think which is better ?
When you write fan letters , which do you think is better ?
I also want to ask you when I write , which kind of things do I pay more attention ?
I also want to ask you when I write , which kind of things should I pay more attention to ?
If you know about them , please teach me .
If you know , please teach me .

A soccer player
As I wrote yesterday , our family 's going to visit my husband 's parents today .
This morning , mother - in - law called and told us a relative would visit there as well .
This morning , my mother - in - law called and told us a relative was going to visit as well .
I 've met him only a few times since I got married , but my first impression of him was favorable .
His talk was so funny and interesting .
He was so funny and interesting .
: D In addition , he used to be a professional soccer player and played national soccer team , so I 'm interested in the time he was a player .
: D In addition , he used to be a professional soccer player and played for a national soccer team , so I 'm interested in his time as a player .
( Now , he 's a coach . )
I hope his talk or enthusiasm for soccer will arouse his interest .
I hope my enthusiasm for soccer will arouse his interest .
Running is very popular in Japan these days .
The most popular spot where many people are running is around the Imperial palace .
The most popular spot where many people run is around the Imperial Palace .
There are many shower room there for runners .
There are many shower rooms there for runners .
Some people who work near the Imperial palace run during the lunch time .
Some people who work near the Imperial Palace run during their lunch time .
I 'm one of the people who take an advantage of a boom .
I 'm going to come in a relay road race on thursday .
I 'm going to go to a relay road race on Thursday .
I hope I wo n't drag my team down .

Particular about being clean .
( Thank you for reading my journal .
Even if you understand what I have written , if you feel my expressions do n't sound natural or are different from the ones you usually use , please let me know .
Thanks . )
Swine flu has been rapidly spreading in Japan for the last few days .
When the flue started spreading all over the USA about two weeks ago , I figured that the flu was inevitably going to migrate to Japan despite the intensive quarantine efforts at the airports , and its outbreak was only a matter of time .
Every time I hear of new diseases , I worry a bit about Japanese people 's immunity to diseases .
When I was in Australia , some Japanese tourists had acute stomachaches and vomited after they 'd had dinner at a restaurant .
They thought that they were suffering from food poisoning from their dinner .
Thus , they reported their problems to the restaurant .
However , e restaurant 's manager did n't believe their complaints because other tourists from other countries had the same dinner as the Japanese tourists , but there was nothing wrong with any of them , just the Japanese tourists .
Actually , I have heard of other similar stories .
In Japan , about a decade ago , antibacterial goods became so popular since many young ladies became concerned about how clean things were .
In Japan , about a decade ago , antibacterial goods became very popular since many young women got worried about how clean things were .
On a train , some of them were unwilling to grab straps that strangers had already touched .
They always brought sanitizing wipes with them so that they were able to wipe anything anytime with them .
Nowadays , many products , even clothes , are antibacterial .
Actually , I do n't know whether or not these antibacterial are effective .
I think that people also do n't know that , but the words `` antibacterial `` might make people feel relieved .
I 've lived in a few foreign counties and been to many others .
I think that Japanese people are relatively particular about being clean .
This is quite good .
However , I sometimes realize that Japanese people pay too much attention to cleanliness .
However , I sometimes think that Japanese people pay too much attention to cleanliness .
In addition , it seems that children tend to easily rely on antibiotics when they have a slight cold .
In addition , it seems that children tend to rely on antibiotics when they have a slight cold .
Some doctors warn that with children often taking antibiotics , it does n't always work well when they really need it .
For these reasons , I 'm concerned about the immunity of Japanese people

My little baby is sick . . : - (
My 11months baby had some fever last night .
My 11 month old baby had a fever last night .
When I saw 39 ' C on thermometer , I was suprised and fearfu .
I put a suppository to him and wiped his back and stomach with wet towel .
I put a suppository on him and wiped his back and stomach with a wet towel .
Today , the doctor said he has an inflammation in the middle ear and need some treatment for some days .
He was in hospital for 4days just 10days before , but now he 's sick again . .
He was in the hospital for 4 days just 10 days before , but now he 's sick again .
I 'm very anxious about him .
My little baby , please get well soon ~ ! ! !

Today , I look snake in a path between rice fields .
Today , I saw a snake in a path between the rice fields .
The snake hurried past in front of me .
The snake hurried and past in front of me .
After a short time , I was walked again when I find scales from the snake in bushes nearby rice fields .
After a short time ( After awhile ) , I walked again when I find scales of the snake in the bushes nearby rice fields .

I was talked with my frinds who lives in Japan by skype after so long .
I talked with my friends who live in Japan by skype after so long .
Since they have not changed a bit , I was releved .
Since they have not changed a bit , I was relieved .
Listening to their story , they have hard time due to earthquake and erectric powar plant in Fukushima still now .
I listened to their story , they are still having a hard time due to earthquake and electric power plant in Fukushima .
Anyway , they are enjoying holiday season .
Japanese people are in holiday season from and of April through May 8th .
Japanese people are in holiday season from April through May 8th .
My company 's HQ is also off .
So , I receive few e - mails from JP .
That 's mean , I do n't have much work !
That means , I do n't have much work !
But I 'm not sure what should I do when I have no work !
But I 'm not sure what I should do when I have no work !

The temperature dropped to - 27 C three days ago .
I found a skating rink when I was jogging in a riverside park .
Someone apparently removed snow from the surface of the river .
So I brought gallons of hot water and polished the rink with my friend after school .
We enjoyed shoe skating a lot in dim lights from street lamps and car headlights .
We enjoyed shoe skating in the dim lights of street lamps and car headlights .
And then we ran and made funny whorled footprints on virgin snow near the rink .
After all , we looked up the sky .
It was full of stars .
The polar star was blinking just above the place where we had enjoyed canoeing in the summer time .

I watched a movie about NBA on YouTube .
I watched a movie about the NBA on YouTube .
It was so exciting and cool .
After watching the movie , I was getting an urge to play a basketball .
After watching the movie , I was getting an urge to play basketball .
Actually , I 'm playing a basketball in PE class .
Actually , I 'm playing basketball in PE class .
Actually , we are going to be playing basketball in PE class .
So , I want to be good at it and surprise my all classmates !
So , I want to be good at it and surprise all my classmates !
please tell me a nice book
I wanna read a funny novel in English .
Can someone recommend me a nice one ?
Title or author both of OK .
Im gon na find it in the library .
I cught a cold . . . : (
I caught a cold . . . : (
Recentry , I get tired because of the summer heat maybe : (
And I cught a cold today .
And I caught a cold today .
I ca n't stop coughing since I got up today .
I was good condition until yesterday
I was in good condition until yesterday .
but I do n't want to do anything now . . .
but I do n't want to do anything now . . .
My mother said me `` Will you go to the hospital tomorrow ? ``
My mother said to me `` Will you go to the hospital tomorrow ? ``
I think it is better .
But I hate hospital !
But I hate the hospital !
If I go to the hospital , I seem to lose to my cold and I feel that my body is really weaker .
If I go to the hospital , my cold seems to get worst and I feel that my body is really getting weaker !
So , I desire to clear up my cold soon to avoid going to the hospotal !
So , I my cold goes away soon so I can avoid going to the hospital !
See ya : )

Hallo every one !
Hello every one !
Hallo , everyone !
Long time no contact !
These days I have been super busy and that 's why I have n't been able to wright my journal entry . . . ; (
These days I have been super busy and that 's why I have n't been able to write my journal entry . . . ; (
I have a favor to ask you .
Please correct a letter below .
Please correct the letter below .
I 'm going on a trip in May and I am struggling with booking air plain tickets and hotels .
I 'm going on a trip in May and I am struggling with booking airplane tickets and hotels .
I booked by phone and they asked me to send them e - mails to confirm my name , our air plain schedule and so on because of knowing our check - in .
I booked by phone and they asked me to send them e - mails to confirm my name , our airplane schedule and so on because of knowing our check - in .
This is one of them I want to send them .
This is one I want to send them .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Title : Our fright schedule on 26th May
Title : Our flight schedule on May 26th
Dear Madam and Sir ,
Dear Madam or Sir ,
This is Mami Hakozaki , who called you today , just before .
This is Mami Hakozaki , who called you today .
Thank you for arranging our booking .
Please let me confirm our booking .
We have 2 people in all .
We have 2 people total .
I would like to stay at the night of 26th and 27th in May ( 2 night and 3 days ) .
I would like to stay the nights of May 26th and 27th ( 2 nights and 3 days ) .
We are supposed to be there at the very late time , around or over 11pm , as I mentioned at the last call .
I am so sorry about that .
I 'll show you our air plain number and schedule below .
I 'll show you our airplane number and schedule below .
Flight Itinerary ;
Flight Itinerary :
From Edmonton to Quebec Duration : 8hr17
( . . . . .
about our fright plan . . . . )
Could you send me a confirmation and the details about our stay ?
I am looking forward to staying at your B & B .
Thank you .
Best regards ,
Mami Hakozaki ( and the name of my accompanist )

about smoking .
About smoking .
Before I wrote diary , I say some other things .
Before I write to my diary , I will say some other things .
Before I write in mydiary , I will say some other things .
Last night , I suddently my eye is very red .
Last night , my eye suddenly turned very red .
I do n't know what is going on .
I probably think I often stay in the front of computer for a very long time .
It is not good to my eyes .
It is not good for my eyes .
I know this , but I ca n't control myself to use computer .
I already know this , but I ca n't control myself in using the computer .
If I ca n't use computer a day , I will feel uncomfortable .
If I ca n't use the computer for a day , I will feel uncomfortable .
I probably addicted to the computer just like smoking .
I probably got addicted to the computer just like my addiction in smoking .
I come to this training schools about 2 months .
I came to this training school for about 2 months already .
I think now I can speak some English to someone else .
I think , I can now speak some English to someone else .
But last night 's topic I do n't know how to express .
But with the last night 's topic , I was n't to express myself .
But with last night 's topic , I do n't know how to express myself .
My status is not good .
Probably I am not interested in that topic or my vacubulary is not enough or my English is still very poor .
Probably , I am not interested in that topic , my vocabulary is not enough or my English is still very poor .
Last night , the teacher come from America .
Last night , the teacher came from America .
he is a very handsome guy .
He is a very handsome guy .
But I don 's think he teach students well .
But I do n't think he can teach students well .
we dicussed smoking .
We discussed about smoking .
the topic is very simple .
The topic is very simple .
Indian parents teach their child smoking , but the children 's least age is 2 years old and smoke several cigarets a day .
Indian parents teach their children smoking , but their least age is 2 years old and yet , they can already smoke several cigarettes a day .
It is usual in India .
It is normal in India .
They think smoking is a good thing .
I am shocked when I heared this news .
I ca n't believe how Indian can do this crazy thing .
I saw a video news about China on the internet some time ago .
A 2 years old child was smoking .
A 2 year old child was smoking .
He was sophisticated like an adult and smoking 2 cigareets at the same time .
He was sophisticated like an adult and can smoke 2 cigarettes at the same time .
people were laughing around the children .
People were laughing around the child .
the video can attract others attention , but all the netizens think their parents should be punished .
Parents should be responsible for their childen , pretect them and guide them to a right direction .
Parents should be responsible for their children . They must protect and guide them to a right direction .

I do n't admit . . .
I do n't want to admit . . .
Hey , let me talk to myself .
When I was sixteen years old , I was allowed to drink by my parents .
And I was permitted to drink by the law afterward .
Recently , I was granted to drink by my wife .
But I do n't want to admit I am a bottle - man .
I do n't want to admit that I am a bottle - man .

This is my first daily .
I found out this website a few days ago , and I found it very helpful to me .
I found out about this website a few days ago , and I found it to be very helpful to me .
I can make friends here . ^ . ^
I want to improve my English and Thai language .
I want to improve my English and Thai .
But my computer ca n't type Thai language right now .
But I will solve this problem soon .
I hope I can have more friends ^ . ^
Thank u ! !
Thank you ! !

The quiet rain
It has drizzled since last night .
It has been drizzling since last night .
Originally , the rainy season of Japan is so should .
However , a recent rainy season has a heavy rain , the thunder and the lightning .
This recent rainy season has had heavy rain , thunder and lightning .
However , recent rainy seasons have heavy rain , thunder and lightning .
In rain that falls quietly , it calms down my mind .
Rain that falls quietly calms down my mind .
rain that falls quietly is calming .

italki friend
Today I talked on MSN with indean guy who I met through italki , which is international social networking service website .
Today I talked on MSN with an Indian guy who I met through italki , which is an international social networking service website .
He is learning Japanese and I am learning Enlighs , so we talked in Japanese and English .
His Japanese and English are quite better than my English , so I decided to brush up my English through this Lang - 8 .
It was said by him that my English pronounciation is really good , however , I could n't speak much .
He said that my English pronounciation is really good , however , I could n't speak much .
I 'd like to get able to speak more .
I 'd like to be able to speak more .
Below is the list of the things to write .
1 ) conversation on the phone
2 ) about my boyfriend
3 ) about my future plan
3 ) about my future plans

A hay fever
hay fever
It seems that I get a hay fever recently .
It seems that I have gotten hay fever recently .
I go back from outside , I ca n't stop sneezing and a runny nose .
I get back from going outside , and I ca n't stop sneezing and I have a runny nose .
Did you become a hay fever ?

New Year 's food
Are you good at cooking ?
I like cooking .
But I do n't like taking a lot of time .
In Japan we eat OSECHI .
In Japan we eat osechi .
it is the special New Year 's food .
it is a special New Year 's food .
Recently there are a lot of people who buy OSECHI .
Recently there are a lot of people who buy osechi .
Many of Japanese foods is delicately and takes many time .
Many Japanese foods are delicate and takes time to prepare .
In husband 's parents family I must make one or two menu .
I have to make one or two menus for my husband 's family .
I think about it I become very nervous .
Whenever I think about it I become very nervous .
It is possible to increase the Japanese food in this year .
It is possible to increase the Japanese food in this year . ( ? )
I will do my best !

This is the first time I log in Lang - 8 !
I 've decided to write a diary in English .
My daughter goes an international school ,
My daughter goes to an international school ,
( She learns all subjects in English )
I have to communicate with her teachers and friends , parents in English .
I have to communicate with her teachers , friends and parents in English .
I 'm NOT good at speaking English .
I hope my English will get better if I could continue writting diary in English .
I hope my English will get better if I could continue writing a diary in English .
Dear Everyone
I 'm sorry I 'm slow in English .
I 'm sorry I 'm slow at English .
If you can , I 'm really glad that you could check my dialy .
If you can , I would be really glad that you could check my dialy .
Thank you in advance .

My Weight is increasing now
After leaving Japan , my weight has already increased about 10kg !
It was only 6 month ago when I moved to the U .
I think that this is a terrible high - pace ! !
This is a very high rate of wight gain
I think there are several reasons why I 'm gaining a lot .
- As the U .
S is a car - society , I do n't have to walk a lot whennever I go to somewhere .
S is a car - society , I do n't have to walk a lot when ever I go to somewhere .
- After leaving Japan , I have to cook by myself .
So my amateur food is n't definitely healthy .
- Lack of exrecising .
Actually , I went to Sports - Gym at least 3 times in a week when I stayed in Japan .
But for now , I usually go to Gym only once a week .
That 's why I 'm gaiing weights at very high - pace .
So I have to think about action and change my life - style in the U .
Please help me !

welcome to my space
Hello , my friends ! !
my friends .
I 'm lyz katherine .
I 'm twenty - one years old .
I like read hero stories . . .
I like to read hero stories . . .
well I hope to improve my english so in that way I can success my goals ! ! . . .
I hope to improve my english so I can fulfillmy goals ! ! . . .
good luck

My family gets a cold .
My wife has a running nose .
My younger daughter has a fever .
I think it is because we have been in the crowd yesterday .
Sometimes I get a cold after I am exposed to a crowed .
Sometimes I get a cold after I am exposed to other people in a crowed .
I take a medicine just in case .
I take some medicine just in case .

Need a Refreshing
Need a Refresher
Somedays lately I am getting very busy .
So , I did not visit lang - 8 .
Phew , I hope I have leisure time to refresh myself .
It is weekend , I have a plan to hang out with my friend .
It is the weekend , and I have plans to hang out with my friend .
I do n't want use my weekend to study or do the homework anymore .
I do n't want use my weekend to study or do homework anymore .
Because I know that study too much makes me become sick and stressed .
Because I know that studying too much makes me become sick and stressed .
Today I will watch anime in my home with my bestfriend , Hasnah .
After that we will go to the park to get fresh air .
After that we will go to the park to get some fresh air .
I am sure it will be so fun .

My part - time job . . .
I have part - time job every day except Monday .
I have a part - time job every day except Monday .
I have part - time job , I work every day except on a Monday .
I am a hall stuff in a restaurant .
I am a greeter in a restaurant .
I am a hall staff in a restaurant .
Last night , it was a pretty busy day and hall stuffs could n't work properly .
Last night , it was a pretty busy day and ( ? ) could n't work properly .
Last night , it was pretty busy and the hall staff could n't work properly .
Actually , I guess we were thrown into panic .
I heard there were some customers who got angry .
So , I want to consider what was the cause and haw to prevent it .
So , I want to consider what happened and how to prevent it .
There are three things I thought about .
I thought about three things
Firstly , I think the main problems which can cause this trouble are an insufficiency of communication and state of mind .
Firstly , I think the main problems were an insufficiency of communication and state of mind .
First , I thought about the main problems that could have caused this reaction , which were lack of communication and negative state of mind .
I mean , we were too busy in both mentally and phisically to take time for others .
I mean , we were too busy both mentally and physically to take time for others .
I mean , we were too busy both mentally and physically to take time for others .
Secondly , the system to check what they ordered and what we serve is not efficient .
Secondly , the system to check what was ordered and what we serve is not efficient .
Finally , we should do things more quickly and efficiently .
To solve these problems , I shoud relax a bit .
To solve these problems , I should relax a bit .
To solve these problems , I should relax a bit .
I mean , I should n't be tense at all time .
I mean , I should n't be tense all the time .
And then , try to let others be ease . *
And then , try to let others be at ease . *
I should try to make others feel comfortable .
The solution can be the stronger bond among the hall stuffs !
The solution can be a stronger bond among the hall stuffs !
The solution could be that a stronger bond is needed among the hall staff !
* I want to write , I wanna let them relax rather than be tense .
* I want to write , I want them to relax more
Like they work seriously but have space in their mind to take time to see others .
I want them to work seriously , but be able to interact with others
Sorry if my explanation is incomprehensive .
I hope you know what I mean .

Obesity in USA
I 've just come back from the States .
While I was there only for a week , I was astounded by the fact that American people are getting bigger and bigger every time I visit there .
While I was there for only for a week , I was astounded by the fact that American people are getting bigger and bigger every time I visit there .
I may sound exaggerating , but I travelled there in 2004 and 2007 and I assume that now half of the population of the United States are overweight .
No offense meant , I 'm sorry .
It 's no wonder that President Obama is having a trouble on the health insurance policy .
It 's no wonder that President Obama is having trouble on the health insurance policy .
I 've heard that Japanese genetically can not become so heavy because we become sick before putting too much fat .
I 've heard that Japanese genetically can not become so heavy because we become sick before putting on too much fat .
I sat still on a plane for 12 hours on my way home , wondering whether the economy class seats are big enough for the chubby Americans and I was thankful that I had to leave the States after one year back in high school days because I put 10 pounds during my stay !
I sat still on a plane for 12 hours on my way home , wondering whether the economy class seats are big enough for the chubby Americans and I was thankful that I had to leave the States after one year back in my high school days . I had put on 10 pounds during my stay !
Well , you and I have an excuse . . .
There are too much good food in America and they are very inexpensive !
There 's too much good food in America and it is very inexpensive !

I shame with you G20
`` It could be bad , If G20 meeting be scheduled three or four day not two day ``
The G20 Summit should be scheduled for three or four days , and not two days .
Some Korean have criticised the G20 meeting organizer .
Some Koreans have criticized the G20 meeting organizers .
The organizer campaigned :
- Stop collecting food waste ( The landfill is located beside the high way from airport to seoul )
- Do n't use car during the meeting
- Do n't wear training suit .
In the twitter timeline , Netizen say
`` I 'm certain that korean president must shame the people .
But I shame with you ``
Korean police upgrade terror alert to SERIOUS
It means if you take airplane you have to hurry to go airport .

try to save on electricity
This year is lack of electricity .
This year we have less of electricity .
So I will save it .
For example , I do n't use an air conditioner .
For example , I will not use air conditioning .
The replacement is a fan .
I think I will put up with heat .

`` Hello Lang - 8 `` .
I try to write a `` Game Play Diary `` .
I will try to write a `` Game Play Diary `` .
I play `` Shadow Complex `` now .
I 'm playing `` Shadow Complex `` now .
I have finished Scenario mode ( Normal ) and Challenge mode .
so , I am challenging level Insane and 100 % items and level 50 .
so , I am trying to beat Insane and get 100 % items and get to level 50 .

Korean food
Yesterday I went to a korean restaurant with my close girl freiends .
Yesterday I went to a Korean restaurant with my close female friends .
We were chilling out with deliciouce dishes and drinks .
We were chilling out with delicious dishes and drinks .
Eating is the best way to know foreign culture .

Ice skating
I was invited to skaring by my frinds today .
I was invited to go skating by my friends today .
It 's for the first time in 10 years .
There were a lot of people in the ice link .
There were a lot of people in the ice rink .
I supposed they wanted to be good skating player like Kim yona .
I supposed they wanted to be good skaters like Kim Yona .
I 've never expected to skating in Korea .
I 've never expected to skate in Korea .

beauty parlor
I went to a beauty parlor .
I got my hair cut .
I talked with beautician about love .
I could enjoy !

Could you please listen to it ?
Dear Lang - 8 users ,
My lang - 8 friend VN gave me a good idea to make audio records in order to improve pronunciation .
My lang - 8 friend VN gave me a good idea to make audio recordings in order to improve my pronunciation .
He uses audioboo .
fm service which seems very convenient for tasks like this one .
fm service , which seems very well suited for tasks such as this .
Could you please listen to my first record and let me know what do think of it ?
Could you please listen to my first recording and let me know what you think of it ?
I was quite nervous while making this 45 sec .
record , because I always feel stupid when speaking English : )
Please feel free to share your opinions and thoughts with me !

I am here PC room
I was this came from escape to school
but I come back
my school finish at 10 : 00 pm
My new friends !
Yesterday I told you I want to be friends .
Yesterday I told you that I wanted to be friends .
You agreed to my request .
Now I am very pleased .
I want to help you study
Also I would like to receive your help
I hope to continue good relations
I hope to maintain our good relationship .
I 'm glad to meet you
I promise to be a good friend to you
Also , to be a good learning assistant
Bye bye my new friends !

today 's photo ( April 9 , 2009 )
in Japan , it is one of the best season in the year : )
It is the best season in Japan right now .
there are a lot of full bloomed cherry blossoms .
There are a lot of full bloomed cherry blossoms .
they looks pink clouds .
They looks like pink clouds .
( They look like pink clouds . )

May you have the best Christmas ever .
Merry Xmas ~ ~ ~ ! ! ! ! ! !
What are you doing righ now in Silent Night ?
It is Xmas day morning here now .
It is Xmas morning here now .
I went to play CS game with 2 boys yesterday morning .
I went to play CS with 2 boys yesterday morning .
I play shit , and always be died . : D
I play shitty , and always die . : D
So , I quited so early to went to bed at 1 am .
So , I quit early and went to bed at 1 am .
I should sleep more time . but I wo n't miss my Silent Night .
I should sleep more . but I do n't want to miss Silent Night .
Actually my Silent Night , really nothing specil .
Actually my Silent Night , was really nothing special .
I woke up at night and went to watched `` Prison Break Season4 `` and `` Bleach ``
I woke up at night and went to watch `` Prison Break Season4 `` and `` Bleach ``
Ahhhh . is it a bored Silent Night ?
Ahhhh . do you think I had a boring Silent Night ?
But I 'm enjoy this life .
But I enjoy this life .
How was your Silent Night ? ?
May you have the best Christmas ever .

My brain needs more space .
In a foreign language I forget often the verb because of the noun .
For example , if I want to say Einstein 's proverb
`` Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen . `` .
I would use `` you collected `` instead of `` acquired `` .
The word `` collection `` replaces that verb in my head !

I also go to school : ( . . .
I have to go to school .
I 'm in my school now . .
I 'm in my school right now .
but I can playing computer !
But I 'm playing on the computer !
because of club activity !
Because of a club activity !
it 's my first diary write here
It 's my first diary I have written here .
nice to meet you !
Nice to meet you !
Hair Cut addicted
I think that I 'm a hair cut addicted hixhix .
From the first day I cut my long hair untill now , I ca n't remember how many times I have cut my hair .
From the first day I cut my long hair until now , I ca n't remember how many times I have cut my hair .
I like to change my hair style , I love the barber - shop , I love my hairdresser and I love the feeling of looking new after my hair change and I love to show all my friends that I have new hair hahahaha .
My friends say that I 'm crazy over hair cut hahaha .
My friends say that I 'm crazy over hair cuts hahaha .
Last Sunday I cut my hair again , first I think it 's OK but on Monday when looking again in the mirror I see that . . .
Last Sunday I cut my hair again . First I thought it was OK , but on Monday , when looking again in the mirror , I see that . . .
maybe I 'm looking more manly than before hahaha .
maybe I look more manly than before hahaha .
My hair now is super short and I wonder when will it long again for me to change new style ^ _ _ _ ^
My hair now is super short and I wonder when it will be long enough again for me to change to a new style ^ _ _ _ ^
My dear hair please grows long quick , I want to look more feminity not manly like this o _ _ O
My dear hair , please grow long quickly . I want to look more feminine , not manly like this o _ _ O

My frist dariy
I come from China .
I am from China .
I like to listen to English song .
I like to listen to English songs .
But I feel poor in English .
But I feel that I am poor in English .
I am a colleage sudent in China .
I am a college student in China .
I hope I can make friend with you .
I hope I can make friends with you .

A tiring journey
I 'm just back from a tiring journey .
I just got back from a tiring journey .
We drove to Kyushu which takes 8hours with my husband 's sister ' whom I have to be nice ' and her Three kids , we saw them off , met my sister with her Three kids ( one of them is newly born , I had to take care ) at a small breathless apartment in Kumamoto , moved to Hakata to see my husband 's cousin with his Three kids ( which one of them crying in turns ) and took my sister with her Three kids to my parent 's house in Hiroshima .
We drove to Kyushu , which takes 8 hours , with my husband 's sister whom I ' have to be nice to ' and her three kids . Saw them off and met my sister with her three kids ( one of them is newly born , whom I had to take care of ) at a small airless apartment in Kumamoto . We then moved on to Hakata to see my husband 's cousin and his three kids ( who took turns crying ) and took my sister and her three kids to my parent 's house in Hiroshima .
We drove to Kyushu which takes 8 hours . We went with my husband 's sister to whom I ' have to be nice , ' and her three kids . We saw them off , met my sister with her three kids ( one of them is newly born , whom I had to take care of ) at a small stuffy apartment in Kumamoto . Then we went to Hakata to see my husband 's cousin with his three kids ( who are always crying in turns ) and took my sister with her three kids to my parents ' house in Hiroshima .
Now I 'm back home .
I used to hate this rural area but after watching people living in big cities no matter how it is convenient , what a gorgeous house you live in , Shimane where I live in is the best place to live with children .
I used to hate such rural living but after watching people in big cities ( despite their conveniences and gorgeous houses ) , Shimane is still the best place to live and raise children .
I used to hate this rural area , but after watching people living in big cities no matter how convenient it is or what a gorgeous house you live in , Shimane where I live in is the best place to live with children .
Fresh air , beautiful scenery , people are friendly . ( I took it for granted sometimes . )
Fresh air , beautiful scenery , people are friendly . ( I took it for granted sometimes . )

The first date in my life
The first date of my life
I watched a movie tonight .
The title was `` Billy Elliot `` .
I did not expect that was the one I watched for the first date in my life .
I did not expect that it was the one I watched for the first date of my life .
It was when I was 15 years old .
After a graduation ceremony of junior high school , I called at her house by using yearbook which told me the adress .
After the graduation ceremony for junior high school , I called at her house by using the yearbook which told me her address .
I can clearly remember my hand trembled and my heart was beating so much that I could not say anything at first even though her mom asked me sometihng .
Unfortunately , she was out , but she called me later , then we promised to go to a theater .
My voice did not come out though I tried to say hard .
My voice did not come out though I tried hard to talk .
It never happened again except I dreamt about it .
Actually , I could not focus on the movie at that time .
She was moved a lot and cried , I remember it too .
Now I watched it again , it was sure this movie has quite high quality , and it was not fault of this movie but of me that we did not have another date .
Now I watched it again , I 'm sure this movie is quite high quality , and it was not fault of this movie but of me that we did not have another date .

hello ! ! !
Im Japanese university student ! !
Hi , My name is Ackey ! ! !
Im Japanese university student , majoring in business administration in my country , Japan .
My hobby is snowboarding , reading books about business , thinking about interior design , studying , traveling , using computer and listening to foreign music .
I like joke and Im funny , I think .
I like jokes and Im funny , I think .
By the way , Im going to go NY next Feb to April , so , where is your recommended place ? ?
By the way , Im going to go NY next Feb to April , so , where would you recommend ? ?
Please give me your idea ! ! !
Please give me your ideas ! ! !
Then , I was in Canada ( Vancouver ) during last August .
Also , I was in Canada ( Vancouver ) last August .
I could make many foreign friends ! ! !
I made many foreign friends ! ! !
Now , I wanna more foreign friends ! ! ! !
I dont mind your age , sex , and nationality .
I dont mind your age , sex , or nationality .
If you wanna learn Japanese or about Japan , Ill teach you .
If you wanna learn Japanese or learn about Japan , Ill teach you .
lets talk with me ! ! ! !
lets talk ! ! ! !

I played kendo in the class yesterday .
I played kendo in my / with class yesterday .
It is very tired and painful , but it is very interesting .
It is very tiresome and painful , but it is very interesting .
kendo is very difficulty .

I began Lang - 8 yesterday . This is the draft of `` About me `` .
I joined Lang - 8 yesterday . This is the draft of `` About me `` .
Konnichiwa !
My name is Taka .
I am a Japanese guy who lives in Tokyo for 15years .
Since I began language exchange at `` Japan - guide .
Since I began a language exchange at `` Japan - guide .
com `` this February , I had very nice experience through the communication for teaching Japanese .
com `` this February , I have had very nice experiences teaching Japanese .
com `` this February , I had very nice experiences teaching Japanese .
I have exchanged emails , corrected letters written in Japanese , helped assignments for the degree , given guidance how to learn hiragana for the first time , etc .
I have exchanged emails , corrected letters written in Japanese , helped with assignments for degrees , given guidance on how to learn hiragana for the first time , etc .
I have exchanged emails , corrected letters written in Japanese , helped with assignments for degrees , and given guidance on how to learn hiragana for the first time , etc .
etc . . .
I found LANG - 8 just yesterday and found it very interesting ! !
Because my graduate school was in the USA , I can write and speak English .
I am sure I can correct Japanese sentences you wrote , with explaining in english , if you are better at English than in Japanese .
I am sure I can correct the Japanese sentences you write and explain my corrections in English , if you understand English better than Japanese .
I am sure I can correct Japanese sentences you 've written , with explanations in English , if you are better at English than Japanese .

Japanese culture vol . 2
Today , I also introduce Japanese culture .
Today , I will introduce Japanese culture .
Today , I will also introduce Japanese culture .
Today 's topic is `` konbini ``
Today 's topic is `` konbini , ``
`` konbini `` is short for convenience store .
Japanese people usually shorten long words .
I know a lot of countries have convenience stores .
But Japanese convenience store has difference from any other country 's convenience stores .
But Japanese convenience stores are different from any other country 's convenience stores .
In Japanese convenience store , you can buy anything you want like a variety of foods , grocery goods , tickets , stationeries , beverages and confectionery .
In Japanese convenience stores , you can buy anything you want , like a variety of foods , grocery goods , tickets , stationeries , beverages and confectionery .
In addition to this , you can withdraw your savings , send your baggages by delivery service .
In addition to this , you can withdraw your savings , and send your baggages by delivery service .
Thanks to that convenience , most of the Japanese buy something everyday .
And as you know , Japanese people are too busy to cook by themselves .
So they usually buy dinner at convenience store .

So much on my heart and mind !
To be honest , I 've not been doing well these days .
To be honest , I have n't been doing well these days .
There are so much going on .
My heart and mind are not well - balanced .
My heart and mind are not in sync .
So I ca n't catch up myself and am taking such miserable feelings on my friends and family sometimes . . .
So I ca n't catch up with myself and am taking such miserable feelings out on my friends and family sometimes . . .
I ca n't catch up with myself and I am taking out my frustration on my friends and family sometimes . . .
Just giving it time then I 'll be able to handle it all .
Do n't look back it wo n't do any good , Do n't look ahead you 'll be just misunderstood .
Do n't look back . It wo n't do any good . Do n't look ahead . You 'll just be misunderstood .

Twitter hashtag # englishjapanese
Hi I 'm ichan !
Does anybody know which hashtag is useful for everybody who wants to ask native Japanese or English - speakers about what you do n't know how to express in your second language .
Does anybody know which hashtag is useful for people who want to ask native Japanese or English - speakers about what one does n't know in their second language ?
I wanted to use lang8 when I was at work ( I mean during break time . )
I wanted to use lang8 while at work ( I mean during break time )
But I 'm not allowed to use my computer while at work .
But I can use Twitter by using my iPhone !
I 've been trying to search such hashtags , but I could n't find .
I 've been trying to search for such hashtags , but I could n't find one .
So I created a new one on Twitter tonight .
Let 's ask native speakers about what you want to know by using this hashtag .
# englishjapanese
Let 's help each other like lang8 .
I wish this hashtag would be like dictionary which native language - speakers teach for you .
Hopefully this hashtag will be like a dictionary that native language - speakers can use to teach non - native speakers .
Is n't it great ?
Its like a perfect dictionary .
It 's like a perfect dictionary .
If you already know better other hashtags , please tell me .

hanbok , Korean traditional clothes
hanbok is korean traditional clothes .
The Hanbok is a traditional Korean clothing .
I wanna introduce hanbok to foreigner because it has nice color and
I want to introduce the Hanbok to foreigners because it is very colorful , and
elegant atmosphere .
has an elegant atmosphere .
how is it beautiful .
It is very beautiful .
when I was young .
When I was young ,
I think hanbok is very old fashion and unchic clothes . .
I thought the hanbok was very old fashioned and not chic ,
but now I don ; 't think so .
but now I think the
hanbok is very speical clothes to korea .
hanbok is very special .
and It has history .
It also has history ,
and our national clothes for a long time .
and was our national clothing for a long time .
two hundred years ago , in korea , most people wear the hanbok .
Two hundred years ago , most people in Korea wore a hanbok .
and we can see it through historical drama and wedding
Today , we can often see the hanbok through historical dramas and weddings .

I 'm currently living in US , studying in Univ .
I 'm trying to get writing in English with more skill .
But sometimes I have hard time to write something in English .
So I would appreciate if you correct my writing .
Thanks a lot ,

Victoria state library
Thesedays , I 've been studying very hard .
These days , I 've been studying very hard .
I usually go to the state library of Victoria .
It 's really awesome and very classical building .
When I 'm studying in there , I feel very comfortable .
When I 'm studying there , I feel very comfortable .
Today 's class was kind of boring , but I could learn many grammars .
Today 's class was kind of boring , but I was able to learn a lot of grammar .
Melbourne 's temperature gap is so big .
It 's almost 20 . . . . : (
Most of koreans do n't use radiator .
Most of koreans do n't use radiators .
Most Koreans do n't use radiators .
The heat comes up through the floor instead .
Because most of koreans do n't wear shoes and sit on the floor often .
Because most koreans do n't wear shoes and often sit on the floor .
there 's no carpet but just wood floor .
there 's no carpet , just wood floor .
there 's no carpet , just wood floors .
There 's no carpet , just wooden floor .

It 's hard to separate private time from working time .
I think It 's hard to separate private time from working time .
I love my job , so I always work too hard .
I do n't wanna overwork and I need have much more time to use my private time .
I do n't wanna overwork and I need a lot more time as my private time .
I ca n't take a balance of private time and working .
Now I do n't have children , so If I have children I will use my private time more than working .
But honestly speaking , I will not change .
I do n't like a workaholic man such as myself .

Recently , I doubt that large choice is really good for us .
I think that we ca n't decide anything if there were too many choice .
I think that we ca n't decide anything if there are too many choice .
I think that it 's difficult to decide anything if there 's too much choice
I heard a story like that before .
A man who decided to begin learning English went to bookstore to buy a reference book .
But There were huge different reference books for learning English .
But There was a huge number of different kinds of reference books for learning English .
But there were loads of different reference books for learning English .
He could n't choose only one book because of an overwhelmed choice .
He could n't choose only one book because of the overwhelming choice .
I 've experienced the same case a lot .
What do you think about that ?

F Skinner
His name Burrhus Frederic Skinner . . he was an American psychologist .
he was known by his researches about the learning process or knowledge , and also as student of behavioral psychology ( study of human behavior )
he graduated of Hamilton College in new york in 1926 .
He graduated from Hamilton College in New York in 1926 .
after graduation he become interested in the work of the american behavioral psychologist John Watson and the russian psychologist Ivan Pavlov .
After graduation he became interested in the work of the American behavioral psychologist John Watson and the Russian psychologist Ivan Pavlov .
yes I 'm a big fan of b .
Yes I 'm a big fan of B .
f skinner

19 July , The sixth typhoon called Margon is coming up in my town Hiroshima .
The sky is cloudy , The wind is blowing strongly .
It have been dangerous to walk outside , so the university had already closed classes today .
It has been dangerous to walk outside , so the university had already closed classes today .
However I 'm in the university to make the handout by tomorrow .
However I 'm in the university in order to make the handout by tomorrow .
I want to return my home early . . .
I want to return home early . . .

Practice ( 1 )
In order to improve my English level and application ability , I picked out some useful words from the textbook and make an example sentences for each of them .
In order to improve my English level and application ability , I picked out some useful words from the textbook and made example sentences for each of them .
I have made a survey about the student 's sleep
I have made a survey about the student 's sleep ( pattern )
I 'm concern about my English grade
I 'm concerned about my English grade
The shoes tied loosely
The shoes are tied loosely
I have gone through my deskmates ' destroy
I want to set down my daily life
When I come to this school , I have undergo a series of things
When I come to this school , I have to undergo a series of things
I 'm spellbond by the Internet
I 'm sleepy at dusk
At the summer , always have many thunder
During the summer , there is always alot thunder
At the summer , always thunder when it rain
During summer , there is always thunder when it rains .

Heavy rain
We had heavy rain in Japan , especially in Kanto Area these days .
We have had heavy rain in Japan , especially in Kanto Area these days .
We 've had heavy rain in Japan , especially in the Kanto Area these days .
They were seriously heavy .
The rain was seriously heavy .
The roads sank and the houses had water on the floors .
The heavy rain suddenly starts and falls seriously heavily , we call it guerrilla rain .
When the heavy rain suddenly starts and falls seriously heavily , we call it guerrilla rain .

I decided to write short diary every day from today .
I decided to write a short diary every day starting today .
I went to Kasai aquarium wiz my friend .
I went to Kasai aquarium with my friend .
I enjoyed it than I thought : )
I enjoyed it more than I thought : )
I enjoyed it more than I had expected : )
I want to go to see pandas at Ueno zoo next time .
I want to go see the pandas at Ueno zoo next time .
I will start to wake up at 5 because of studying for final exams .

I like poem .
Hallo , everyone .
Hello , everyone .
I stady a poem in today ` s Japanese class .
I studied a poem in today ` s Japanese class .
It writes about love and family .
It is about love and family
I like novel , liric , and poem espentiory very sweet love story or impressed story or mistry .
Our Japanese teacher like too , like the poem .
Our Japanese teacher the poem , too .
Do he and I mach hobby ?
What do you have favorite poem ?
Do you have a favorite poem ?
Would you teach me it ?
I want to see a lot of forghren poemes .
I want to see a lot of foreign poems .
Of couse , I want to see Japanese poem too !
Of course , I want to see Japanese poems too !

Come clean
Come clean
I 'm making a movie to teach the idiom `` Come clean `` .
I wrote a short conversation for the movie .
Please cheak it !
Please check it !
A : Is that T .
Y and Kana ?
A : Were you in a restaurant ?
B : No , I was in the house .
A : You 're a lair .
A : You 're a liar .
B : Why ?
A : I saw you and Kana there , `` come clean `` ! !
B : I 'm sorry , I lied to you .

Nightmare journey
My nightmare journey was 1 year ago .
When I went to HaTay with my friends .
First of all , when we got to Lang - Hoa Lac , our motorbike broke down , so we have to look for someone who can repair .
When we got to Lang - Hoa Lac , our motorbike broke down , so we had to look for someone who could repair it .
Whereas we waited for our motorbike to be repaired , some of my friends annoyed each other .
While we were waiting for our motorbike to be repaired , some of my friends were annoying each other .
I do n't like that .
It was a very hot day .
Temperature was 42 degree .
We had to waited 3 hour for help .
We had to wait for 3 hours for help . ( Plural form . )
But fortunately , a man came and repaired our motorbike .
Of course , his wage was very expensive .
After that we could go .
As soon as we arrived in HaTay , my friends decided that it was too late to climbing mountain so they wanted to swim but I did n't .
As soon as we arrived in HaTay , my friends decided that it was too late to climbing mountain , so they wanted to swim even though I was against it .
It was very dangerous .
Some of them ca n't swim .
I advised them but they did n't agree .
I was upset , luckily no one had problems .
and then we went to home .
Unluckily , we forgot the way to go home ( because the way to go different the way came back ) .
Unfortunately , we forgot our way home ( because the route was different ) .
After 2 hours we found exactly way to go home but at that time we was exhausted , hungry , thirty and sweaty .
On the way came home , Lien ( my close friend ) realized that she lost her bag and she guessed she lost it when standing near a strange man .
On the way home , Lien ( my close friend ) realized that she had lost her bag . She guessed that she had lost it when she was standing next to a strange man .
She started crying , begging and pleading .
There were many things in her bag ( her phone , money , watch . . ) .
There were many things in her bag such as her phone , money , a watch , etc . . .
I said with her I had never had a bad day before .
I told her her that I 've never had such a bad experience .
In the end , we came back home .
In the end , we returned home safely .
I did n't say anything to my parents .
I am happy that that journey is over .

Sunday Evening
Got very tired today because of doing many interesting things like moulding candles and preparing for my exams .
I got very tired today because of doing many interesting things like moulding candles and preparing for my exams .
I learnt a lot of nwe words from financial vocabulary .
I learned a lot of new words dealing with financial vocabulary .
I also knew some from corporate reasonsibility vocabulary .
Now I 'm going to cook an evening meal .
Hope this I 'll do this a lot more faster than doing my other sunday business .
Hope that I 'll do this a lot faster than I have done my other sunday chores .
Thank you for reading this : )

A half day off !
Actually it 's not so pleasant .
I got serious headacke this morning sitting in my cubic , so I took a half day off from 1pm .
I got a serious headache this morning while sitting in my cubical , so I took a half day off and left work at 1 pm .
I got a serious headache this morning sitting in my cubical , so I took a half day off from 1pm .
And I just got up from the recovering nap .
I feel better but still weak .
It is about Chinese New Year , so I really want to clear my pending works before the holidays , that way I do n't get too much pressure after I go back to work . . .
It is about Chinese New Year , so I really want to get caught up on my work before the holidays , that way I do n't get too much pressure after I go back to work . . .
It is about Chinese New Year , so I really want to clear my pending work before the holidays ; that way I wo n't get too much pressure after I go back to work . . .
that may be the cause of my horrible headache .
That may be the cause of my horrible headache .
That may be the cause of my horrible headache .
Anyway , enough of misery : p
Anyway , enough about my misery : p
Anyway , enough of my misery : p
I 'm considering writing some Chinese New Year greeting cards , but do n't know whom to write to .
Not so many people do that these days , I guess it 's pretty much the same in Christmas card ?
Not so many people do that these days , I guess it 's pretty much the same in the case of Christmas cards .
I 'm not sure though .
Well , if anyone who happens to see this entry , and is interested in getting a Chinese New Year card , pls let me know : D I guarantee the card is gon na be cute , and Chinese : )
Well , if anyone who happens to see this entry , and is interested in getting a Chinese New Year card , please let me know : D I guarantee the card is going to be cute , and Chinese : )

I have a question .
There are two sentence .
There are two sentences .
One ) I 'm so excited .
Two ) I 'm so exciting .
Is it wrong sentence of Two ?
Is sentence 2 wrong ?
Or is it the same meaning ?

Nice to meet you
Nice to Meet You
Nice to meet you everyone .
This is my first message .
I 'm Japanese who wants to learn english .
I 'm a Japanese man who wants to learn English .
I want to learn English very much .
I really want to learn English .
If you wants to teach English to the Japanese , please contact me , and help me .
If you want to teach English to a Japanese person , please contact and help me .
Thanks for reading .
First diary on Lang - 8 : )
Recently , I 'm trying to improve my English , so that I could have chance for exchange student .
At the moment , I 'm trying to improve my English , so that I can have the chance to be an exchange student .
lately , I 've been trying to improve my English , so that I could have a chance at student exchange
Fortunately , I met a great teacher , Wanyu , when I tried to attend some English classes .
Fortunately , I met a great teacher , Wanyu , when I attended some English classes .
And also I made some new friends who speak English .
And I also made some new friends who speak English .
The only one I need is time . . . .
The only thing I need is time . . . .
The only thing I need is time . . . .
Hope that I could improve faster !
I hope that I can improve faster !
Hope that I can improve faster !

Japanese Urban Legend `` Rinfone `` ( 2 )
Please read Rinfone ( 1 ) before this .
`` What 's this ?
Is it a rare item ? ``
`` Um . . .
I 've never seen this . . .
OK , I 'll buy it ``
This object , colored with sick ? , is perhaps good as interior .
I said her that she could buy it if it 's not expensive .
I said to her that she could buy it if it 's not expensive .
We went to register with this icosahedron - shaped figurine .
We went to the register with this icosahedron - shaped figurine .
A shabby old man was reading an old book on the chair .
`` Excuse me , how much is this ? ``
Then , I did n't overlook the old man 's expression when he lifted one 's face and look at the icosahedron - shaped figurine .
look stunned .
He look stunned .
I could not express only this expression about the expression of the old man , but soon the old man returned normal expression , and he said .
`` Uh , Oh , This . . . is . . .
Yeah , How much this item . . .
Yeah , How much is this item . . .
Well , wait a minutes . ``
The old man entered into the back room ( Maybe this is his home )
We heard in fragment that he was quarreling the old woman , maybe his wife .
Then , he came back with a yellowed piece of paper .
Then , he came back with a yellow piece of paper .
`` This is a kind of toys .
`` This is a type of toys .
It 's called Rinfone .
You can get the detail with this manual . ``
You can get the details with this manual . ``
he said and spread yellow dirty paper .
he said and spread the yellow dirty paper .
It seemed very old .
In the paper , there are the illustration of the icosahedron - shaped figurine and character of `` RINFONE `` , and the process of its deformation to `` Bear `` to `` Eagle `` to `` Fish `` is illustrated .
Also hieroglyphic is here .
this object can change various animals .
this object can change into various animals .
First , wrap up Rinfone with your hands and pug ``
First , wrap up Rinfone with your hands and tug ``
She wrapped up Rinfone with her hands as he told .
She wrapped up Rinfone with her hands as he instructed .
Then the clicky noise sounded , and one surface of the icosahedron - shaped raised .
Then a clicky noise sounded , and one surface of the icosahedron - shaped raised .
Excellent ! ``
`` Roll or pull this bulge ``
She did as she was told , other surface fell in .
She did as she was told ; the other surface fell in .
`` Excellent ! !
It 's like a puzzle !
Let 's try , Yuu ( My nickname ) . ``
It 's very difficult to explain its structure .
Do you know the toy named `` Transformer `` ?
Do you know a toy named `` Transformer `` ?
It is a toy which was poplar ago .
It is a toy which was popular ago .
A casette tape changes a robot , or a gun changes a robot . . .
A cassette tape changed into a robot , or a gun changed into a robot . . .
Please imagine this Rinfone can change shape to bear , eagle , and fish when we push or roll a part of icosahedron - shaped item .
Please imagine this Rinfone can change shape into a bear , eagle , or fish when we push or roll a part of the icosahedron - shaped item .
Now she was interested in Rinfone .
Even I think it as a great toy .
Even I think its a great toy .
`` Well . . .
How much is this then ? `` she asked tentatively .
`` This is pretty old item . . .
`` This is a pretty old item . . .
but we forget even the fact that we are selling it . . .
we forgot the fact that we are selling it . . .
OK , it 's 10000 Yen ( about $ 125 ) , for the special .
If you get it up on the Internet auction , collecter will buy even half million yen . ``
If you get it up onto an Internet auction , collectors will buy it for half million yen . ``
She is good much for haggling .
She is good at haggling .
Finally , She knock down to 6000 Yen ( about $ 75 ) .
Finally , She knocked it down to 6000 Yen ( about $ 75 ) .
We got out from the shop with happy faces .
We got back home soon after we finished supper in the restaurant because next day was Monday .

It 's so hot ~ > <
It 's so hot that I could n't do anything today .
My husband has a lower back pain now .
So we could n't go outside .
I tried to sweep the balcony .
But I noticed that I had better do with a hose .
So I will buy it tomorrow .
Then I wwanted to exhibit somethings to Yahoo auction , abbreviated Yahuoku , which is similar to ebay .
Then I wanted to exhibit some things to Yahoo auction , abbreviated to Yahuoku , which is similar to eBay .
But taking pictures , there was a little trouble with my mobilephone 's SD card .
But as I was taking pictures , I had some trouble with my mobile phone 's SD card .
I was so tired .
I will try them tomorrow again .
I will try taking some again tomorrow .
It 's a 3 weekend holiday in Japan .
It 's a 3 - day weekend in Japan .
Actually my husband get a more holiday , so 4 holidays !
Actually my husband gets one more day off , so it 's a 4 - day weekend !

Listening to music
Nowadays , I listen to music .
I have been listening to music recently .
I was very busy April because of recruting .
I was very busy April because of recruiting . ( job hunting ? )
I was very busy in April because of recruiting
But now I decided the company I work on from next year .
But now I decided the company I will work for next year .
But now I 've decided on the company I will work for next year .
So I got some relax time .
So I now got some time to relax ,
So I now have some time to relax ,
So I decided to listen songs very very much !
and decided to listen to many songs . ( or a lot of music )
I found new CD of Offspring , Cold Play , and listen to Mr .
I found Offspring 's and Coldplay 's new CDs , and started to listen to Mr .
Children 's old CDs again .
Mr , Children is one of the most popular musician in Japan .
Mr . Children is one of the most popular musicians in Japan .
They express delicate heart of love .
They express the delicate heart of love .
I love their song very much !
And I want to find more good CDs .
I want to find more good CDs .
Do you know good CDs ! ?
Do you know any good CDs ! ?

Feeling bodyache
Feeling Bodyaches
I am in work now and I am looking for a return mail from another company .
I 'm at work now and I 'm looking for a return mail from another company .
My boss give me a list and I should contact the company in the list .
My boss gave me a list and I need to contact the companies on the list .
Yesterday , it was difficult to get deep sleep .
Because I have to contact another foriener buyer by phone today .
Because I have to contact another foreign buyer by phone today .
I hope I will get used to phone meeting ( talk ? ) in English .
I hope I 'll get used to phone calls in English .
All my body feel pain .
. My whole body feels painful .
My body hurts all over .
Teethache , stomache , and headache .
My teeth ache , my stomach aches , and my head aches .
It is sign for warning .
It 's a warning sign .
My body said
`` Take it easy !
feel free !
Do n't be under the pressure !
Do n't be stressed !
You do n't need to freeze due to the changed surroundings ``
You do n't need to freeze due to a different environment . ``
You do n't need to be anxious just because you have a new job .
Okay , I will try to make a new mindset .
Okay , I will try to have a different mindset .
However , I am still feeling pain .
However , I am still feeling achey .

Brand - New
Surprised !
I 'm surprised !
Design of the top page of Lang - 8 has been renewed .
The Design of the top page of Lang - 8 has been updated .
I think this is more like SNS design such as mixi or FB .
I think this design is more like the design of other SNSs such as mixi or FB .
To keep active user , SNS has to be changed continuously .
To keep active users , SNSs have to be changed continuously .
Wish Lang - 8 will be improved more and more .
I hope Lang - 8 will be improved more and more .

In this morning , I went to a hospital .
This morning , I went to the hospital .
Around noon , I got back to home .
Around noon , I got back home .
I took a nap about two hour and went to sport 's activity class .
I took a nap for about two hours , and then went to my sport 's activity class .
I am a little bit tired but I enjoy that class .
I am a little bit tired but I enjoy that class .

I just wrote my journal about baseball last time , but try to write about sports again .
I just wrote a journal entry about baseball last time , but this time I try to write about sports again .
I am not a sports geek , though .
Last night , I went watch an NBA game for the first time , that was the Philadelphia 76ers vs .
Last night , I went to watch an NBA game for the first time , that was the Philadelphia 76ers vs .
the Milwaukee Bucks .
My friend got the ticket from his company and kindly invited me to go watch the game .
My friend got the tickets from his company and kindly invited me to watch the game with him .
I have wanted to go watch the NBA since I came to the US . , so I was really excited before arriving the stadium .
I have wanted to go watch the NBA since I came to the US . , so I was really excited before arriving at the stadium .
The game was so exciting and also the seat was amazingly at a good position .
The game was so exciting and also the seat was amazingly good .
In fact , we sit just 2 rows behind cameramen .
In fact , we sat just 2 rows behind the cameramen .
That was very close from the game and players !
That was very close to the game and the players !
Later on , I noticed our tickets was worth $ 350 .
Later on , I noticed our tickets were worth $ 350 .
We enjoyed the game as much as possible .
Although I have n't followed the NBA for long time , I liked watching the NBA when I was in junior high or high school .
Although I have n't followed the NBA for a long time , I always liked watching the NBA when I was in junior high or high school .
I think the NBA was more popular than today .
I think the NBA was more popular then than today .
Many stars , like Jordan , Magic Johnson , Pippen , Barkley , and Malone , were playing and I remembered their `` Dream team `` in Barcelona Olympic game , 1992 .
I 'm wondering most of my Lang - 8 friends do n't remember that .
I 'm wondering whether most of my Lang - 8 friends do n't ( will ) remember that .
At that time , many Japanese kids loved the NBA and Jordan .
Anyway , last night I realized the NBA is still popular and might start watching the 76rs games .
Anyway , last night I realized the NBA is still popular and I might start watching the games of the 76rs .
Thanks .

May 2nd Monday Sunny
It 's been a golden week in Japan .
Some people have been in their holiday from the last weekend until this weekend ,
Some people have been on holiday since last weekend ,
while others are working .
I ordered some English text books by Amazon .
I ordered some English text books from Amazon .
com yesterday afternoon ,
and I 've just got them this morning .
and I just got them this morning .
How fast ! !
Although , I do n't know the transportation company is fast or the Amazon is fast ,
Although , I do n't know whether it was because the transportation company is fast or that Amazon is fast - -
it just surprised me .

watermelon
In the summer , what your favourite fruit ?
In summer , what is your favourite fruit ?
my answers is watermelon , because of it full of water and very delicious .
my answer is watermelon , because it 's full of water and very delicious .
Changsha is called a stove city , which one of five stove cities in China .
Changsha is called a stove city , one of the five stove cities in China .
Average temperatures reached 39 degrees , and sometimes more than 40 .
Average temperature reaches 39 degree , and sometimes even more than 40 .
If no matter , I would rather stay at home .
If there is nothing I have to do , I would rather stay at home .
watermelon is my best friend .
I eat nothing but watermelon .
If I were a little child , slept in the watermelon , what a happiness is !
If I were a little child , slept in the watermelon , what a happiness it is !

I am working at school .
I am working at a school .
I help students through making documents .
I help students with making documents .
We will start the Arabic teaching program this year .
So , I actually learned Arabic .
But I recognized it was so difficult .
But I realised ( realized ) it is really difficult .
I think it takes 5 or 10years to learn it well .
I think it will take between 5 and 10 years to learn it well .
So , I have to learn the language again as a staff in my school .
So , I have to learn the language more while working in my school .

Fresh air !
I need fresh air !
When I open the window of bus , the air of outside was so bad .
When I open the window of the bus , the air outside is so bad .
It was full of fuel smell , I do n't like the odour .
It smells like fuel . I do n't like the odour .
I live in Kunming that a western city of China .
I live in Kunming , a city in Western China .
In my childwood , the city is a beautiful small town where is flower in all places and air is fresh air that smelled mixed grass and flowers .
But now , every thing has changed in this city with the economic development .
But now , with the economic development , everything has changed in this city .
Environment was terrible as far as .
This is terrible for the environment .
It is diffcult thatI just need fresh air in this city .

I went to the gym after work .
There were some training courses which anyone could join , for example yoga , dance , and weight training .
There were some training courses which anyone could join , for example yoga , dance and weight training .
Today I joined in the boxing course .
Today I joined in with the boxing course .
I had no experience .
I 've had no experience of it before .
It was so hard that I became very tired , but it was very refreshing !

Today , I watched the TV at 10am .
Today , I watched TV at 10am .
The TV was Drama of Korea .
The TV was showing a drama from Korea .
The drama title was on air .
The drama 's title was `` On Air `` .
I was completely absorbed in watching the drama .
The drama of Korea had humor and interesting for me .
The drama of Korea had humor and interest for me .
Please , see a Korea drama once .

One night trip to Kamakura
I went to Kamakura with my mother .
My mother is 70 years old .
As she have a packacke , cant 't sit for a long time in the car , Kamakura is a reasonable place to visit .
She suffers from back - pain and ca n't sit for a long time in the car , therefore Kamakura is a reasonable place to visit .
Because it is about one hour drive from Tokyo .
Because it is only about a one hour drive from Tokyo .
Karamkura is a old city and a famous tourist place .
Karamkura is an old city , and a famous tourist place .
In the morning , we had a beach walk together .
In the morning , we had a walk on the beach together .
And I did yoga .
Still hot summer . . . .
The hot summer . . . .
is continuing

Sweet Osmanthus
Have you ever seen `` Sweet osmanthus `` ?
Have you ever seen a Sweet Osmanthus plant ?
It 's flower blooms in Autumn Japan .
It 's a flower that blooms in Japan in the Fall .
We call `` Kinmokusei `` .
We call it `` Kinmokusei `` .
I like it not only beautiful flower but also good smell .
I like it not only because it is a beautiful flower but also because it smells good .
If you come to Japan in Autumn , Please look for it .
If you come to Japan in the Fall , please look for it .

To write English diary is very hard , so I can only write diary like child .
To write an English diary is very hard , so I can only write a diary like a child .
What is the best way to master English ?

What I do when I 'm free
I like to swim in my free time , I like swim because can make a good body , and health body .
I like to swim in my free time , I like swimming because it can make you have a good body and healthy body .
And I like to surf the Internet , too .
And I like to surf the internet too .
I like to chat with my friends .
I like to chat with my friends .

cherry blossom
Cherry blossoms full bloom now where I live .
Cherry blossoms are in full bloom now where I live .
It 's very beautiful .
I feel spring when I see it every year .
I will see it with my family on sunday .
I 'm looking for seeing it .
I 'm looking forward to seeing it .
There are many stalls around cherry blossoms street .
I think many people enjoy to see and walk in this season .
I think many people enjoy to see the cherry blossoms and walk in this season .

I hear that MySpace will probably be collapsed
I hear that MySpace will probably be collapsed , if they can not recover their achievement .
That was the largest social networking service before facebook appeared .
Secondlife also vanished .
Somebody ups then other downs .
Somebody goes up then others go down .
That is the way .
That is the way of it .

My homework .
I need your help to check my homework .
The title is `` writing e - mails for help `` .
Suppose you are going to give a speech on October 1 .
Unfortunately , you broke your leg when skiing in Switzerland and wo n't be able to return to Beijing and deliver your speech .
Send your friend , Mr .
Zhang , ane - mail and ask for his help .
Zhang , an e - mail and ask for his help .
Dear Mr .
Could you please do me a favor ?
I really need your help on October 1st .
I was prepared to have a speech on that day .
But fortunately I broke my leg when skiing in Switzerland so that I ca n't return to Beijing in time .
But unfortunately I broke my leg when skiing in Switzerland so I ca n't return to Beijing in time .
I know it might take you some preparation time , but you are the only one I can count on , and I know that you are more qualified to deliver the speech .
Please let me know if you can help me .
I will really appreciate your favor and will return the favor sometime .
I will really appreciate your help and I will return the favor sometime .
sincerely yours ,
sincerely ,
Module `` 1 `` and Module `` l ``
I had a mistake .
I made a mistake .
I wanted type `` 1 `` , but I typed `` l `` in my computer .
I wanted to type `` 1 `` , but I typed `` l `` on my computer .
It 's difficult to distinguish `` 1 `` to `` l `` .
It 's difficult to distinguish `` 1 `` from `` l `` .

my first article
Now I 've started writing my diary on Lang - 8 blog .
To learning English more .
I sometime write an English blog at Blogger blog , but that 's never read by anyone .
It 's natural because I did n't tell any of friends about it ! but I 'm still feel disapointed . ( The human is egotistical . . . )
I heard a story , `` Lang - 8 is not useful for leaning any languages because almost all of teachers are not professionals `` .
I think that 's wrong . because I know a truth by experience , `` Flickr `` is more useful than any English training site .
I hope anybody will read this and give many comments . so I need to increase friends .
The situation that Mr .
Lang - 8 staff is my only friend for a long time , is very sad ! ! lol
Please add me to your list if you can .
Particularly I may welcome person who can talk about taking photo or about alcohol with me .
Also , I 'm intersted in reading astronomy articles on Wikipedia these days .
And , I should like to find any friends who can learn together with .

First diary
Nice to meet you !
My name is Hiro from Tokyo , Japan .
This is my first diary at Lang - 8 .
I try to keep diary in English to improve my English writing skill .
I think I 'm good at reading and listening English , but I 'm not good at
speaking and writing as well as most Japanese .
Therefore , I want to brush up those skills using lang - 8 .
At first , I think the content is not so important .
I think at first the content I write is n't so important .
To continue is important .
I would be happy if you could give me some comments or advice .

Help me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Exams ! !
Soon the end of the school year and thus exams . . .
It will soon be the end of the school year and thus there are exams . . .
for example the English language .
In the English language for example .
If not hard please help me to correctly write an essay , perhaps something needs to be supplemented .
If it 's not too hard please help me to correctly write an essay , perhaps something needs to be corrected .
Subject : Subcultures
Subculture is a group of people with a culture which differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong .
A subculture is a group of people with a culture that differentiates them from the larger culture to which they belong .
The goth subculture is a contemporary subculture found in many countries .
It began in the United Kingdom during the early 1980s in the gothic rock scene , an offshoot of the Post - punk genre .
The goth subculture has survived much longer than others of the same era , and has continued to diversify .
Its imagery and cultural proclivities indicate influences from nineteenth century Gothic literature along with horror films and to a lesser extent the BDSM culture .
The punk subculture includes a diverse array of ideologies , and forms of expression , including fashion , visual art , dance , literature , and film , which grew out of punk rock .
The punk subculture emerged in the United States , the United Kingdom , and Australia in the mid - 1970s .
Exactly which region originated punk has long been a major controversy within the movement .
Today emo is commonly tied to both music and fashion as well as the emo subculture .
Usually among teens , the term `` emo `` is stereotyped with wearing skinny jeans , sometimes in bright colors , and tight t - shirts ( usually short - sleeved ) which often bear the names of emo bands .
Studded belts and black wristbands are common accessories in emo fashion .
Black Converse sneakers and skate shoes , such as Vans , are popularly worn among people of the emo fashion .
Some males also wear thick , black horn - rimmed glasses .
Between some subcultures exist antagonism .
For example , it concerns music subcultures and conflicts based on different musical tastes .
For example , between music subcultures and there are conflicts based on different musical tastes .

about my careers
about my career
I wrote that I 'm a civil engineer and work for construction in my diary before last week . ( I was too busy to write a diary for a week . )
I wrote that I 'm a civil engineer and I work for a construction firm in my diary before last week . ( I was too busy to write a diary for a week . )
Today I 'm goint to write about my careers .
Today I 'm going to write about my career .
I majored in civil engineering in university .
I had worked for Korea Highway Corperation , it is a public enterprise , for 13 years .
I worked for Korea Highway Corperation , a public enterprise , for 13 years .
Before 6 years I moved from KHC to a construction company .
6 years ago I moved from KHC to a construction company .
While I had been in KHC , I had supervised the work of design of highway and the work of construction in the field .
While I was in KHC , I had supervised the designing of highway and construction work in the field .
Now I have been doing business as a civil engineer .
Now I am doing business as a civil engineer .
I hope to get promoted as a executive in my company .
Anyway I will thank you to read and to correct my diary .
Anyway thank you for reading and correcting this diary entry .

Beautiful English
When I was thinking authors who write books in beautiful
When I was thinking about authors who write books in beautiful
Japanese , I want to know authors who write books in beautiful
Japanese , I then thought about wanting to know authors who write books in beautiful
English .
If you know authors who write books in beautiful English ,
If you know any authors who write books in beautiful English ,
please tell me .

I 'm afraid , I keep getting forgotten English more and more , day by day .
I 'm afraid I keep forgetting my English more and more , day by day .
yes , I 've been getting forgotten English ,
Yes , I 've been forgetting English ,
because , I got a job ( I almost ca n't not bear here , totally terrible company here is ) .
because I got a job _ ( which I almost ca n't bear , this company is totally terrible ) .
I almost ca n't bear it because this is a totally terrible company .
and I do not need to speak , write , read English in the company while I 'm working .
And I do not need to speak , write , or read English in the company while I 'm working .
and I spend time from 8 : 30 am to 11pm in my office without any penny as my overwork pay .
And I spend the whole time from 8 : 30 am to 11pm in my office without one penny of overtime pay .
also there 's no friend speaking English around me in Korea .
Also there 's no English - speaking friend around me in Korea .
Also there 's no friend who can speak English around me in Korea .
even if I try to find lauguage exchange , they think I 'm boring and bothering girl .
Even if I try to find language exchange , they think I 'm a boring and bothersome girl .
Even if I try to find a language exchange partner , they will think I 'm boring and bothersome girl .
because I ' nm not really good at speaking English neither really do n't like drinking , smoking , going to noisy place as a CLUB .
Because I 'm not really good at speaking English , nor do I really like drinking , smoking , or going to noisy places such as CLUBS .
Because I 'm not really good at speaking English and I do n't like to drink , smoke , or go to noisy place as a CLUB either .
BUT I 'm not BORING , NOT PARTY POOR .
BUT I 'm not BORING , NOR A PARTY POOPER .
I prefer home - potluck party - chat gossip with tea - .
I prefer home - - potluck parties or chatting and gossping over tea .
by the way , I ' do n't know what I 'll do to improve my English skill .
By the way , I do n't know what I 'll do to improve my English skill .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

friends in theuniversity
Friends in the University
Today , Our class finished very early .
Today , our class finished earlier than usual .
So we gathered my home .
So we gathered at my house .
we enjoyed to play game .
We enjoyed playing games .
I can refresh .
I am refreshed .

I was wondering what the looooonnnggg line was for .
Yeah , ofcourse .
Yeah , of course .
iPhone4 .
There were tons of American who hate lining in the line .
There were tons of Americans who hated lining up .
Today is June 24 .
Today is June 24th .
iPhone4 was out today .
Actually , I went to Starbucks before seeing this line and know that
Actually , I went to Starbucks before seeing this line and knew that
today was the day .
And there was a super - man who has the iPhone ! ! !
He was talking about new features of it to his partner .
He was talking about its new features to his partner .
I could n't staring the beauthiful phone ,
I could n't stop staring at the beautiful phone ,
of course , he and his partner noticed ,
and they were like
`` omg . . .
that girl is staring it like crazy ``
that girl is staring like crazy ``
`` Tell me about it ``
haha . . . yes I am . . .
I could n't play innocent so I asked him where did he get the beautiful phone .
I could n't play innocent so I asked him where he got the beautiful phone .
`` mm . . . m . .
Where . . .
Did . . u . . ``
His answer was simple .
`` I just lined up sweetie .
`` I just lined up sweetie . ``
I just lined up since yesterday 's afternoon .
I just lined up since yesterday afternoon .
I know it was kind of unbecoming to my age ``
I know it was kind of unbecoming considering my age ``
You are my hero .
And also other customers were crush into it .
And also other customers had a crush on it .
`` That is beauuuuutiful ! ``
You are the man ! ``
The man who has the iPhone4 is about 55 years old .
The man who has the iPhone4 was about 55 years old .
Now he is a HERO .
When they left , his partner said `` haha ~ that 's so funny ! my hero ! ``

attended a carecell this evening
I attended a carecell in SLPC this evening .
It 's a pity that there are no more YCC meeting now , but its also a great chance for me to know even more people from different places .
Though I am still not confident of my emglish speaking , I realized stronger and stornger that I should n't be afraid of making mistakes , and yes , as the words say . . `` Practice makes perfect `` , right ?
Though I am still not confident of my emglish speaking , I realized stronger and stornger that I should n't be afraid of making mistakes , and yes , as the words say . . `` Practice makes perfect `` , right ? wrong words
There are different kinds of people in my small group , including Paul and Alena who are from the states and teaching english in taiwan now , Jenny who speaks great english and has a little son named Anthony , Tom ( ? ) from Singapore , Lily a benovolent lady and . . . . . oops I forgot the name of the gentleman who sat next to me . . . but I remember he said he 's an engineer . . .
after the small group discussion , its surprising when someone came to me and told me `` your english is quite good ! `` . .
after the small group discussion , its surprising when someone came to me and told me `` your english is quite good ! `` . . wrong tense for the sentence
well , actually I heard that kind of praises a lot in school , but I knew that my classmates thought of it becuase my toeic score might be higher than some of them . yet , I knew clearly that if I take a speaking test , I might get zero on it . . . . lol . . . . my speaking sucks ! ! ! !
I am lucky that my parents let me learn english when I was little , so I think I might not have too much local accent , but I still have a lot to learn and to improve .
It 's so great to having this evening with those new friends and Ps .
It 's so great to having this evening with those new friends and Ps . tense
Peter as well .
Yeah , I think I am in a tough period on finding a job . . . . .
Yeah , I think I am in a tough period on finding a job . . . . . preposition
but there are still lots of things waiting me to experience .
but there are still lots of things waiting me to experience . preposition needed
Though life 's hard , mom is hard ( XD ) , I have to face it . . . . . under the lead of our God : )

Self - introduction
I 'm Amy .
I 'm a Chinese .
I 'm Chinese .
I 'm learning English and Japanese .
I have been learning English since sixth grade of elementary school , but still not very good .
I have been learning English since sixth grade , but I still am not very good .
From 2006 year , because of work I started Japanese learning .
I will try my best to learn English and Japanse .

carelessly
At night of the day before yesterday I carelessly caught my foot on code , so my PC monitor fell down from the table .
On the night of the day before yesterday , I carelessly caught my foot on the cord , so that my PC monitor had fallen down from the table .
As a result its screen broke down .
As a result , the screen broke .
I must buy new one .
I must now buy a new one .

Why do people always tell a lie
My room mate has a big problem .
He always tell a lie for me even though host family .
Last time I saw a one conversation between him and host family .
Last time I saw a conversation between him and our host family .
At that time I was stay living room with host .
At that time I was in the living room with our host .
And then we heard some `` sounds `` .
We thought the `` sounds `` from his room and it 's looks like shaving sounds .
We heard the `` sounds `` were coming from his room and it sounded like shaving sounds .
A couple of minutes later he appeared in living room and then we tried to teach for him .
A couple of minutes later he came into the living room and we tried to teach him .
Host told to him when you use a razor , you have to go wash room .
The host told to him when you use a razor , you must go to the wash room .
But he said `` I went to there !
But he said `` I went there ! ``
`` As soon as he would be angry .
And quickly became angry .
Of course host also angry because we knew that he told a lie .
Of course our host was also angry because we knew that he had told a lie .
In fact he never apologized to host .
In fact he never apologized to our host .
Unbelievable !
We are not real family but host treat me as a brother .
We are not real family but our host treats me as a brother .
Me either .
I always be honestly because I living his house .
I always behave honestly because I living in his house .
And I like my host family .
Why he had to told a lie ?
Why did he have to tell a lie ?
I ca n't understand his mind .
He usually does n't care about everything .
He does n't seem to care about anything .
So we ca n't trust to him .
So we ca n't trust him .
After this happening host said to me `` when you cook something , please cook for him . ``
After this happened our host said to me `` when you cook something , please cook for him . ``
Because if he use the stove he make a fire .
Because if he uses the stove he 'll start a fire .
This meaning I can use the stove but he ca n't .
Meaning I can use the stove but he ca n't .
We do n't want to lose our house .
In this morning also happened something .
This morning something else happened .
He always spread the water when he took a shower .
He always sprays the water when he takes a shower .
After that I had to clean it because I do n't like messy .
After that I have to clean it because I do n't like it messy .
But I do n't wanna do that everyday .
So I told him when you spread the water that you have to clean it .
So I told him that when you spray the water you have to clean it .
I told to him how to clean .
I told to him how to clean it .
Our house has a towel .
But he usually use a paper .
But he usually uses paper .
This time I ask him .
This time I asked him .
But his answer was `` No ! `` WHATS ? !
I know he use paper everyday .
I know he uses paper everyday .
Why he ca n't tell a honestly .
Why ca n't he tell me honestly .
WHY ? ? ?
Nowadays we have to think about natural asset .
Nowadays we have to think about our natural assets .
We ca n't use it forever .
He does n't care about it .
Because probably he has a lot of money .
And `` If we have a lot of money that we can buy everything `` I think his mind is like that .
Because he from Saudi Arabia .
Because he is from Saudi Arabia .
I do n't want to discrimination .
I do n't want to discriminate .
But . . .

Summer vacation Finish
Summer vacation End
I have summer vacation for 11days .
I have summer vacation for 11 days .
It is too long for Japanese to take a vacation .
It is too long for Japanese , to take a vacation .
Almost business man takes about 4 days .
Almost all business man men take about 4 days .
It looks long , but I have only last 2 days ! ! !
It looks long , but I have only 2 days left ! ! !
very sad . . .
On monday , I work at my company ( I am researcher and developer for novel food . )
On monday , I have to work at the company ( I am the researcher and developer for novel food . )
So I will take a fun last 2 days , today and tommorow .
How about you ?
enjpy summer vacation ? ?
are you enjoying your summer vacation ? ?

Haiku ; a kind of Japanese traditional fixed verse
Today I wrote my report about Haiku ; one of the shortest form of poem in the world .
Each haiku poem usually has only 17 ( divided into 5 - 7 - 5 ) syllables in it .
I 'm a Tanka , which is another kind of Japanese traditional fixed verse , poet ,
I 'm a Tanka poet ,
and learning Tanka with my friends once a month .
and I 'm learning Tanka with my friends , meeting once a month .
Tanka is also a form of poem ,
Tanka is also a form of poem ,
which usually has 31 ( divided into 5 - 7 - 5 - 7 - 7 ) syllables .
We usually read Tanka poems , but we read Haiku poems
in this October and November irregularly .
this October and November sometimes .
We have a meeting on the next Saturday
We have a meeting next Saturday
and it 's my turn to present about some Haiku poems at the meeting .
and it 's my turn to present on some Haiku poems at the meeting .
It was difficult for me to read Haiku
It is difficult for me to read Haiku
because I 'm not familiar with Haiku .
But some of the Haiku poems that I read today
were very interesting for me , too .

take action ! !
Take action ! !
I 'm a University student who is studying economics .
I 'm a university student who is studying economics .
I begin to participate in Lang - 8 , in order to improve my English skill and get in touch with variety of people in the world : )
I began to participate in Lang - 8 in order to improve my English skill and to get in touch with a wide variety of people in the world . : )
I 'm looking forward to see nice people in the world ! !
I 'm looking forward to meeting all of the nice people in the world ! !

swine flu
What I can mantion to this topic is that I believe that this whole swine flu panic is steered by the media to improve the econimic situation .
I believe that this whole swine flu panic is steered by the media to improve the economic situation .
In my opinion everything what happened was very artifitial .
In my opinion , everything that has happened is very artificial .
It was created to improve the sale of medicine and to get a `` kick `` for the pharmacy development of vaccine .
It was created to improve the sales of medicine and to get a `` kick `` for the pharmacy development of vaccines .
A well as to show people the importance of vaccination and indirect to persuade people to buy the vaccine .
As well as to show people the importance of vaccinations and to persuade people to buy the vaccine .
All over the world much more people die because of standard flu but no one makes from this fact such a panic as the media did in the case of swine flu .
All over the world much more people die because of standard flu but no one makes such a panic as the media did in the case of swine flu .

Mino Falls
Yesterday , I went to see the Mino Falls .
It is located in about 3km from Mino Station .
It is located about 3km from Mino Station .
It was very beautiful .
Many people came there though I had thought there would be few because of chill .
Many people came there even though because of the chill I thought there would be only a few
And , a Japanese monkey appeared in front of us .
A Japanese monkey appeared in front of us !
I saw for the first time a wild one .
I saw this wild one for the first time .
That was the first time I saw a wild one .
Despite we forbidden to feed them , someone gave it a rice ball .
Despite we were forbidden to feed them , someone gave the monkey a rice ball .
It isnt good .
It 's not good .
That 's not good ( ! ) .
For dinner , I ate Kaisendon , a ball of rice with some sea foods .
I ate Kaisendon for my dinner , a ball of rice with some sea foods .
It was very delicious .

Today , let me tell you about my residencial town in Japan .
Today , let me tell you about the town I live in in Japan .
I have been in Hayama .
I live in Hayama .
that is a famous seaside town in Kanagawa prefecture next to Tokyo .
This is a famous seaside town in Kanagawa prefecture next to Tokyo .
Because Japanese royal family has a summer house in the town .
As the Japanese royal family has a summer house in the town ,
So the town try to keep the traditional landscape and try to keep crean .
residents try to maintain its traditional landscape and cleanliness .
The population is only 30000 .
It 's very small but beautiful nature town and a lot of retired persons .
It 's a very small but beautiful town with alot of nature and many retirees .
Some Japanese office worker has dream to live in the town because the town does n't has a train station so it 's difficult to comute to business zone for example to Tokyo .
Some Japanese office workers dream about living in the town because it does n't have a train station , hence it 's difficult to commute to business zones / districts such as those in Tokyo .
But I chose to live there with long comute time , I work in Shimbashi central of Tokyo .
But I chose to live in Hayama despite the long commute time , I work in Shimbashi central of Tokyo .
The time to comute is 1h 40m .
It takes 1h 40m to commute .
But now it 's very important studying time for me .
I useally get on a train from Zushi station it 's in next town .
I useally get on a train from Zushi station in the next town .
I usually get on a / the train from Zushi station , it 's in next town .
I spend the time reading news paper , listening English podcast , and sometimes sleeping .
I spend the time reading newspapers , listening to English podcasts and sometimes , sleeping .
Thank you ,

A letter to brendan
A letter to Brendan
Hi , Brendan .
I have some problems about the diary .
Firstly , I saw some classmates make some mistakes in their diaries .
Firstly , I saw some classmates who make some mistakes in diaries .
Firstly , I saw some classmates who make some mistakes in diaries .
I just want to help them , but I am not sure that 's right after my correct .
How can I do , just let it pass or do n't read them ?
Another , I try to search some diaries that written by european .
As known to us , the chinese hard to understand from some foreigner .
As known to us , the chinese hard to understand from some foreigner . As we all know
As known to us , the chinese hard to understand from some foreigner . As we all know
Maybe I correct their diaries , but it 's not their meaning .
By the way , I can not write the Cantonese chinese , but I saw some foreigner writting that .
How can I do ?
Because it 's hardly to find the Mandarin chinese diaries .

I 've been in Japan since this Tuesday because my grandfather died on Monday .
My grandfather was 92 years old and he fully enjoyed his life .
According to my family , he was 't suffered from pain so much .
According to my family , he did n't suffer from much pain .
He could walk until the morning on the day he died and he could talk until 4 hours before he died .
Anyway since I 've been in Japan , I 've been doing what I wanted to do and what I can do only in Japan .
One of them is to eat favourite japanese foods .
One of them is to eat my favorite Japanese foods .
Of course I ate sushi .
and I also eat ramen ( or Chinese noodle ) .
I also ate ramen ( or Chinese noodle ) .
Ramen is a kind of noodle with Soup .
Ramen is originally from China but Japanese changed its taste so that japanese like it more .
Ramen is originally from China but the Japanese changed its taste so that Japanese like it more .
We have various kinds of ramen in Japan .
Japanese local city has their own tastes .
Each Japanese local city has their own tastes .
For example , Sapporo , Tokyo , Hakata , or Yokohama are famous .
Most of local ramen can be also eaten in Tokyo .
Most local ramen can be also eaten in Tokyo .
And we have lots of famous ramen restaurants in Japan .
We have lots of famous ramen restaurants in Japan .
Some of them are run as chains and some of them are local .
Some of them run as chains and some of them are local .
Among them , I like Yokohama ramen .
It may not so popular but I like it .
It may not be so popular but I like it .
I went some of Yokohama ramen restaulants this time .
I went to some Yokohama ramen restaurants this time .
It was very good ! .
I will write down the list of good or famous ramen restaulants here .
I will write down the list of good or famous ramen restaurants here .
Though I do n't know ramen is popular among foreign people , I think you should really try it when you come to japan .
Though I do n't know if ramen is popular among foreign people , I think you should really try it when you come to Japan .
- Yokohama ramen : Yoshimura - ya ( original Yokohama ramen ) , Rokkaku - ya
- Sapporo ramen : Aji - gen ( good )
- Hakata ramen : Nanden - kanden ( very popular ) , ippu - do , tenjin ( relatively cheap )
- Other : Tenka - ippin ( I like it )
You can find all of these restaurants in Tokyo .
Some restaurants are very popular and you have to wait in line to eat .
I do n't know these restaurants have web sites written in English .
I do n't know if these restaurants have web sites written in English .
If some of you are interested in some paticular ramen or paticular restaurants , please let me know .
I will write about them in this diary .
Finally , I atache the picture of ramen .
Finally , I 'll attache the picture of ramen .
Enjoy it .
( From Wikipedia ( URL

It was rain mixed with snow this morning in Tokyo .
It was raining ( mixed with snow ) this morning in Tokyo .
It seems to become cold tomorrow .
It is likely to become cold tomorrow .
I hate cold .
However , the snow scene is loved .
However , I love the snowy scene .

today is my first join this ciub my english verybad so l hope to rise hope everyboy help me thanks
I joined this club today . my english is very bad so l hope to improve . I hope everyone can help me in this . thanks

Today , my phone was broken by my dpet , Noel .
Today , my pet Noel broke my phone .
I lost phone 's cover . . . .
I lost the phone cover . . . .
Oh , gosh ; (
Where is my phone 's coveeeeeer ! !
Where is my phone cover ! ? : - )
And , phone do n't turn on .
It also wo n't turn on .
I ca n't send a e - mail ,
I ca n't send any e - mail ,
calling and internet .
make calls or use the internet .
I should go phone 's shop tomorrow .
I should go the phone shop tomorrow .
Today , I drunk to beer too much with my company friends .
Today , I drank beer too much with my co - workers .
Today 's diary is not writing no more .

The wedding
This Sunday , I attended to the my friend 's wedding in Chiba .
This Sunday , I attended my friend 's wedding in Chiba .
It was greatly nice one and impressed me as I could n't stand crying .
3 years ago , we had met at the cloth shop as a co - worker .
3 years ago , we had met at the cloth shop as a co - workers .
She was two years old younger than me but I really liked her and she also talked to me almost everything .
She was two years old younger than me but I really liked her and she also talked to me about almost everything .
We respected eachother , I think .
We respected each other , I think .
But it was the hard year for her , some bad things happened again and again .
But it was a hard year for her , some bad things happened again and again .
I could n't do anything for her and did n't know what to do .
However she had overcome all of them by her self with having huge suffering .
However she had overcome all of them by herself with having huge suffering .
Finally she had married and had her baby this year .
She taught me the importance not to give up and we can get a happiness to keep tring .
She taught me the importance not to give up and we can get a happiness to keep trying .
I pray she 'll be happy all the time !

Thank you for your kindness .
Today , my son and I visited one of my fellow English - lovers to have time for English .
Today , my son and I visited one of my fellow English - lovers to ( study ) / ( practice ) English .
We met after 2weeks ago .
As I 've been rather in a slump , to maintain motivation to keep learning the time was very helpful to me .
At first , we talked about the Beijing Olympics .
She had prepared a certain article on the Olympics .
I could learn new words and practice reading through the article although it was a little hard to make out the author 's opinion .
After we studied English for 2 hours , she served lunch to us .
After we studied English for 2 hours , she served us lunch .
I was pleased with the soup she had made .
It was very tasty , so I asked her how to cook . ; D
Thanks to the meeting , I was encouraged in keeping learning and got energy .
: D To improve my English skills , I should keep learning in hope that I will be able to achieve a breakthrough .
: D To improve my English skills , I should keep learning in the hope that I will be able to achieve a breakthrough .
By the way , speaking of the Beijing Olympics , what kind of sports made a deep impression on you ?
I was very moved when Japanese women 's softball team won the gold medal .
They turned the tables and grabbed the victory .
Although the Olympics closed yesterday , I 've been basking in the afterglow of the impression .
Although the Olympics closed yesterday , I 've been basking in the afterglow of that impression .

Tailor - made Suites
Last weekend I visited Tokyo and ordered a semi - tailor - made suite .
They measured the sizes of my body parts and choose the sizes of each part of a suite .
A complete tailor - made suite is really expensive but this semi - tailor - made suite is n't .
I hope the new suite will fit me better : )

I 've been playing FF4 on DS this week and ca n't stop it .
I knew I would n't be able to stop it , so I did n't touch my DS at all , but I was so bored last week and finally opened it .
I 'm kinda perfectionist and once starting a roll playing game , I do n't stop it till I perfectly copmlete it .
I 'm kind of a perfectionist and once I start a role playing game , I do n't stop it till I perfectly complete it .
It 's like an obligation of collecting the all items that exsit in the game and acquire the all abilities .
It 's like an obligation to collect all the items that exist in the game and acquire all the abilities .
But I do n't really like the battles that are quite boring .
The FF4 DS has a system of the auto battle , so I have nothing to do during the battles .
The FF4 DS has an auto battle system , so I have nothing to do during the battles .
Turn off the auto battle ?
No , it will be more boring because it 's repetitive .
That 's why I 'm writing this now to refresh myself .
While playing FF4 , I look at the websites that give me loads of information and yesterday I came across an English page that questions about FF4 are in .
While playing FF4 , I look at the websites that give me loads of information and yesterday I came across an English page with questions about FF4 on it .
To my surprise , it seems that English ( or American ? ) people have the same questions about FF4 as Japanese players and I was glad to know that Japanese games are accepted by many people from all over the world .
Anyway , it 's time to back to my journey .
Anyway , it 's time to go back to my journey .
Thanks .

What 's the funniest mistake you have made in English ?
Hi everyone ,
I wrote to my best friend a letter and send without checking the spelling .
and I received reply :
and I received a reply :
You are saying that your Spain is horrible after surgery . ( very sad face ) . . .
I am so sorry . . .
But I only hope that your France , Germany . . . and other countries of Europe are doing well . . . ``
As you understood I 've had misspelled spine .
As you ( might have ) understood , I misspelled spine .
Language mistakes are very funny I think . . .
Especially for the people who has good sense of humour .
Especially for the people who have a good sense of humour .
Thanks for reading my diary ,
Shyla : - ) )

I want to work at UN to help poor and make the world peaceful .
I want to work at UN to help poor and make the world more peaceful .
Sometimes , I would like to be a psychologist .
I would also like to be a psychologist .
Is it really hard to read what others think of ?
Is it really hard to understand how people 's minds work ?
Some say it is the most difficult part to major in .
Some say it is the most difficult thing to major in .
I should English harder , anyway .
I should study English harder .
Thank you for 1000 accesses : D
Hey , guys : D
My access count reached to a thousand , although I have not that many friends .
My access count reached a thousand , although I do n't have that many friends .
Yaaaaaaay !
Thank you for coming to my site : )
Hope we can enjoy talking and exchanging information or opinions more !
Hope we can enjoy talking and exchanging information and opinions more !
Feel free to contact me : D

Earthquake
This morning , about half past four , a big earthquake struck Christchurch .
The earthquake was magnitude 7 . 1
The earthquake was a magnitude 7 . 1
Many buildings were damaged seriously but fortunately nobody died ; two people had significant injury .
Many buildings were damaged seriously but fortunately nobody died ; two people had significant injuries .
Many buildings were ( seriously damaged ) but fortunately nobody died ; two people had significant ( injuries ) .
The CBD ( city centre ) of Christchurch is all closed .
Because the roads have got damage too , the power is down in most towns around Chch , water supply is stopping and sewage as well .
This was due to the damage the roads sustained , the power is down in most towns around Christchurch , the water supply has stopped and sewage as well .
roads ( were also damaged ) . ( The ) power is down in most towns around Chch . The water supply , and sewage , ( has stopped ) .
Since this morning TV is broadcasting latest news continually .
Since this morning the TV is broadcasting latest news continually .
Since this morning the latest news is continually being broadcast on TV .
The prime minister is now on the way to Chch .
The prime minister is now on the way to Christchurch .
The prime minister is now on ( his ) way to Chch .
Time by time , I can see the damage on TV , and it is worse than I thought .
( sometimes ) I can see the damage on TV , and it is worse than I thought .
It seems take long time for the recovering .
It seems that it will take a long time to recover from this .
It seems that recovering ( might take a long time ) .

Merry Christmas ! ~
Merry Christmas to teachers and friends ! ~ I wish my pray can be true and everyone will receive it to have luck in life .
Merry Christmas to teachers and friends ! ~ I wish my prayer will come true and everyone will receive it to have luck in life .
Usually , western country people will celebrate the Christmas Day with ethusiastic , as the culture has been golbal now , we estern country people also become serious to the Christmas Day .
Usually , people in western countries will celebrate Christmas Day with enthusiasm , and as theirculture globalised , we in the east havealso started to note Christmas Day .
Increasing numbers of citizens , especially the young persons , would take it seriously to celebrate with their best friends or sweetheart .
An increasing numbers of citizens , especially the young , are aking it seriously to celebrate it with their best friends or sweethearts .
It should be paid more attention for it will enhance our relationships with others who may have no so much time to keep in touch with us .
Christmas should be given more attention for it will enhance our relationships with others who may have not so much time to keep in touch with us .
Just giving your kind wishes to your friends ! ~
As the festival 's arrival , I also absolutely will celebrate it with my friends .
As the festival arrives , I will celebrate it with my friends for sure too .
So today I had dinner with my friends in compus to celebrate the Christmas Day .
So today I had dinner with my friends at compus to celebrate Christmas Day .
And it seems honor to me that I reveived a apple from my little sister .
And it seems an honor to me that I received an apple from my little sister .
It means I will be safe and sound all life .
Thank you ! ~ my little sister , the same wishes to you ! ~
How about you ?
How are you celebrating this Christmas Day now ?
How are you celebrating Christmas Day now ?
Is it true that Father Christmas will send gifts to us this everning ?
Is it true that Father Christmas will send gifts to us this evening ?
I look forwards my gift ! ~
I look forward tomy gifts ! ~

Texas Burger
I went to MacDonald this evening by my car .
I drove to McDonald 's this evening
Because I wanted to eat Texas Burger .
Because I wanted to eat a Texas Burger .
But what a shocker !
Texas Burger was sold out .
The Texas Burger was sold out .
So I ordered Quarter Pounder instead .
So I ordered a Quarter Pounder instead .
So I ordered a Quarter Pounder instead .
So I ordered a Quarter Pounder instead .
Quarter Pounder 's meat was bigger than normal burger .
The Quarter Pounder 's meat was bigger than a normal burger 's .
The Quarter Pounder 's meat was bigger than a normal burger .
The Quarter Pounder 's meat was bigger than a normal burger 's .
Next time I must eat Texas Burger !
Next time I must eat / try the Texas Burger !
Next time I must eat the Texas Burger !
It is said that there is super size burger in USA .
I heard there 's a super - sized burger in America .
It is said that there is a super - sized burger in the USA .
If I have a chance to visit USA , I 'd like to eat one .
If I have a chance to visit USA , I 'd like to eat / try one .
If I have a chance to visit the USA , I 'd like to eat one .
I guess I will throw up completely .
passed entrance examination
Long time no see *
Day before yesterday , I passed entrance examination
The day before yesterday , I passed my / the entrance examination
to a university in case one fails at other universities !
So happy ! !
But a university I really want to entry has a
But the university I really want to enter has an
entrance examination in February .
I will do my best .

I met tadokists ( who are reading super many books , `` extensive reading `` ) yesterday .
I met some tadokists ( people who are reading super many books , `` extensive reading `` ) yesterday .
Those members are very interesting , funny , talkative and active .
We met at a small cafe in Tokyo .
We , of course as usual , talked and talked endlessly .
And now I have a sore throat .
Tomorrow is the day I am going to sing at the concert .
I am a little worried whether I 'll be able to sing well enough .

I will have a chane to travel to Thailand ~
I will have a chance to travel to Thailand ~
Almost 3 days after , I write my journal .
After almost 3 days , I am writing in my journal .
I was so busy during that time .
I prepared for the travel .
I am prepared for the trip .
I made a passport and bought a travel carrier .
I will go to Thailand from next Tuesday night to Sunday night .
I will go to Thailand next Tuesday night to Sunday night .
I am excited about traveling abroad .
I will take many pictures somewhere in Bangkok , Thailand .
Could you recommend where is a good place to take pictures and sightseeing .
Could you recommend a good place to take pictures and sightseeing ?
Please recommend places .
