Wan na Learn English ?
Not that much .
A family , seemingly a father , a mother and two of their children , get on a car .
A family , seemingly a father , a mother and two of their children , get in a car .
A funky music starts , singing some worst obscenities .
Funky music starts , playing some bad obscenities .
It seems they do n't care so much about its lyrics and rode on the rhythm .
It seems they do n't care so much about its lyrics and ride on to the rhythm .
Then a telop is shown up : `` Wan na learn English ? `` and the camera pulls back .
Thank you for reading .
This commercial film is really reflecting what happens to English learners .
This commercial film is really reflecting what happens to English learners .
Which season do you like best ?
Characters of the seasons are compreat different each other in Japan .
Characters of the seasons are completely different from each other in Japan .
In spring , we can see not only plum and cherry - blossom , but a trailing mist across some mountain which is a crowning beauty in morning .
In spring , we can see not only plums and cherry blossoms , but also a trailing mist across mountains which is a crowning beauty in the morning .
In summer , if you go to country side , many fireflies will welcome to you .
In summer , if you go to the countryside , many fireflies will welcome you .
It must be fantastic scene .
It must be a fantastic scene .
In autumn , especialy late autmn , when you look at many reeds flushing golden and the leaves turning red or yellow , you must feel as happy as if you were dreaming .
In autumn , especialy late autmn , when you look at the reeds flashing ( ? ) golden and the leaves turning red or yellow , you will surely feel happy , as if you were dreaming .
In winter , silent snow indicate great intelligence which man can not have .
In winter , silent snow indicates great intelligence ( / wisdom ) which man can not have .
In the responds to the question as to which season do I like , it must be the time of seasonal change .
In response to the question as to which season I like , it must be the time of seasonal change .
I miss passing season with affection , while I admire coming season .
I miss passing seasons with affection , while I admire coming seasons .
Japanese value evenescence .
Japanese value evanescence .
The beauty of the cherry - blossom is not so much the appearance , but evenescence .
The beauty of the cherry blossom is not so much in its appearance , but its evanescence .
The life of firefly is very short .
The life of a firefly is very short .
The leaves of autumn fall at once .
Snow melts in spring .
They are all fleeting but beautiful .
That 's why I enjoy the beauty of the seasonal turning point .

miss u all : )
I wanna learning Japanese but I 'm so busy and I ca n't type Japanese on dis PC in the weeks .
I wanna learn Japanese but I 'm so busy and I ca n't type Japanese on this PC in the coming weeks .
I will correct dairies and post new tales next month .
I like here , so is Kichan
I like it here , so does Kichan
`` NATSUMI ``
Today I ate `` NATSUMI `` at farm in Japan .
I think that it is a kind of orange .
It tasty wad very good ! !
It tasted very good ! !
I wanna eat it again .

It takes two hours to commute to work each way .
It takes two hours to commute to work to and fro .
I use a subway to go to work and change trains two times .
I take a subway to work and change trains twice .
I study English and read a book in trains .
I study my English books in the train .
I plan this commute and to study English .

Go to post office via highway
You know what ?
Japanese highway is not free .
Usually , we use that only when we go far away .
Usually , we use them only when we go far away .
Today I needed to go to post office to pick up a letter from Japan .
Today I needed to go to the post office to pick up a letter from Japan .
Yeah , I used a highway .
It 's so American !
I used a highway to just go to post office .
I used a highway just to go to the post office .
I used a highway just to go to the post office .
I think my Japanese friends would never believed this .
I think my Japanese friends would never believe this .
Merry Christmas everyone !

Japan vs Argentina
Japan won against Argentina ! I 'm so excited !
Japan won against Argentina ! I 'm so excited !
But I could n't see the game .
But I could n't see the game .
Hopefully someone will upload it .

Do you know MANGA cafe ?
Do you know about MANGA cafes ?
Anybody knows Manga cafe ?
Does anyone know about Manga cafes ?
Manga cafe where you can read many many Manga .
A Manga cafe is where you can read many many Manga .
A Manga cafe is where you can read a lot of Manga .
Manga cafe give us separate rooms .
In the Manga cafes they give us separate rooms .
Manga cafe is low price so many generation use it .
Their prices are low so many generations can use them .
A Manga cafe is low priced so many generations can use it .
If you come to Japan and good at Japanese , I suggest going Manga cafe .
If you come to Japan and your are good at Japanese , I suggest going a Manga cafe .
If you come to Japan and are good at Japanese , I suggest going a Manga cafe .
By the way , Manga cafe has many different surroundings .
By the way , Manga cafes have many different surroundings .
I think `` bagus `` is best one .
They give us good surroundings .
They have good surroundings .
In IKEBUKURO , KITITYOUZI , SIBUYA have good one .
In IKEBUKURO , KITITYOUZI , SIBUYA have good one . ( ? )
Thankyou reading ^ ^
Thank you for reading ^ ^
Thank you for reading ^ ^

The First Time
It is the first time for me to come here .
It is the first time I 've [ I have ] come here .
I 'm very excited , and I hope I can find many friends who can study with me , then we can make progress together .
I am a very easy - going girl , and eager to become friends with everyone here .

Hello ! !
My name Risa Chosa .
Nice to meet you .
Today is hot !
I 'm very hungry now : )

Yesterday I went to drinking with my friends with when I was college student .
Yesterday , I went drinking with my friends from when I was college student .
One of them is working at Japanese automaker .
One of them is working for a Japanese automaker .
Sometimes he is going to around of world .
Sometimes he goes around the world .
I hope I will be like him !

A Happy New Year ! !
How have you been happy new year !
This year I want to learn English properly !
I want to travel abroad , I want to travel in Japan , and even round the world trip !
I get around this year !

I start English lesson in my company
I began english lesson in my company .
my lesson with my teachar is at 45 minutes .
metting space changed english calss room .
I will want to learn to conversation .
enjot it ! I 'm enjoying it !

I decided to read aloud with AFN book .
I decided to read aloud using the AFN book .
AFN stands for American Force Network .
I can also practice the listening of American English using it .
A first section was the inaugural address of Barack Obama as the nation 's 44th president .
The first section was the inaugural address of Barack Obama as the nation 's 44th president .
It was very difficult for me to listen it ! !

Usually I take I - pod to hear some music and English programs .
Usually I carry my I - pod to listen to some music and English programs .
Usually when I to out , I take my I - Pod to listen to some music and English programs .
I usually take my I - pod out with me to listen to music and English programs .
Today I found a new things about English .
Today I found out a new thing about English .
Today I learned a new sentence in English .
I found out some new things about English today .
The sentence is `` I can not thank you enough ``
The sentence is ( space ) `` I can not thank you enough ``
I have felt this sentence sounds that person do n't appreciate .
I felt this sentence sounded like that person is n't grateful .
But it 's real meaning is `` Thank you very much ``
Yea I learned today one thing today .
Yeah I learned today one thing today .

My important cat went to heaven this morning .
He ate nothing for one week .
I give the fish which was his special favorite to his grave .
I put a fish , which was his favourite food , on his grave .
Please eat in heaven .

I just opened up this editor without thinking anything .
I can think of nothing , because of I am tired now , or just pretending to be tired now .
I can think of nothing , because I am tired now , or just pretending to be tired now .
Everyone has something to do .
A baby 's work is to learn how to breath , speak , pee , and poo .
A retired person 's work is to speak with his partner , walk around his / her place and prepare for dying .
Thinking like this , all the preliminary work that has been done by humans are coming from necessary .
What I am doing now looks like nothing but coming from nowhere , or just it is that I have to think more to find out what is needed .
What I am doing now looks like nothing , but it 's ( ? ) coming from nowhere , or it is just that I have to think more to find out what is needed .
I am writing a program .
This is the end of today 's shit .
Sincerely ,
Any requests ?
Dear Lang - 8 Users ,
Here at Lang - 8 , we are committed to making our site continually better .
We have created a cool feature so that YOU can help shape the development of Lang - 8 .
Click on the following link and you can SHARE YOUR IDEAS on how to make Lang - 8 even better .
You can also VOTE ON OTHER IDEAS that you think would make Lang - 8 better .
> > URL < <
We ca n't promise that we will immediately implement your requests , but we read EACH AND EVERY one , and add them as time allows ( despite appearances , we have a very small staff here at Lang - 8 .
Only two young men ) .
We look forward to your suggestions !
Thank you for making Lang - 8 such a great place for learning .
Sincerely ,
Lang - 8 Staff Member

walk walk walk
I have a lot to think about !
I have trouble with study , livelihood and my girl friend ( maybe leave soon )
I have trouble with my studies , livelihood and my girlfriend ( who may leave soon )
I went to cafe near my school to read books and I walked for a long time .
I went to a cafe near my school to read books and I walked for a long time .
But my problem did n't vanish .

International student party
This is my first blog .
Honestly I have to challenge German writing .
Honestly I need to challenge my German .
But my German vocabulary is too poor to write a diary .
So I will write in English for a while ,
But it does n't mean that I give it up .
But it does n't mean that I 'm giving up .
But it does n't mean that I 'm giving up .
Yesterday , I joined international student party in University .
There are a lot of student from various countries .
There are a lot of students from various countries .
There are a lot of students from various countries .
Englansd , Italy , Austria , Slovakia , Serbia etc .
England , Italy , Austria , Slovakia , Serbia etc .
Since this was the first time for me to see Slovakia und Serbia people ,
Since this was my first time meeting Slovakian and Serbian people ,
Since this was the first time for me to see Slovakian and Serbian people ,
it was pretty interesting .
Almost all conversation was in English , but I would have to say I had much difficulty to communicate with them .
Almost all conversation was in English , but I would have to say I had much difficulty communicating with them .
Almost all conversation was in English , but I would have to say I had much difficulty to communicating with them .
My communication skill in English is not enough , and particularly for listening .
My communication skill in English is not good enough , particularly for listening .
My communication skill in English is not good enough , particularly for listening .
Addition to it , everybody has different accents in English including me .
In addition to that , everybody had a different accent in English including me .
Additionally , everybody has different accents in English including me .
In addition to that , everybody had a different accent in English including me .
It was so tough to switch my mind , very confusing .
By the way , my name Hiroshi seemed to be difficult for European people .
So they tried to memorize it associating with `` Hiroshima ( Japanese city ) ``
So they tried to memorize it by associating it with `` Hiroshima ( Japanese city ) ``
So they tried to memorize it by associating with `` Hiroshima ( Japanese city ) ``
It sounds funny , I never hit upon such a idea .
It sounds funny , I never hit upon such an idea .
It sounds funny , I never hit upon such an idea .
But I think Hiroshi is easiar than Hiroshima , because it 's shorter , is n't it ?
But I think Hiroshi is easier than Hiroshima , because it 's shorter , is n't it ?

hello ~ ~
Nice to meet u ~ ~ I 'm a freshman here ~ ~ I was born in chengdu , China .
Nice to meet u ~ ~ I 'm a freshman here ~ ~ I was born in Chengdu , China .
I hope I can make friends with u ~ ~
I hope I can make friends with you ~ ~
Hope everyone may have a nice day ~ ~
I hope everyone has a nice day ~ ~
Thank u ~ ~ ~ ~
Thank you ~ ~ ~ ~

kimono ( Japanese Dress )
I was waiting for my friend in a big shopping mall yesterday .
So I was looking - around many shops .
When I happend to walk by in front of kimono shop , a cute young clerk wearing kimono talked to me with smiling .
When I happend to walk by the front of a kimono shop , a cute young clerk wearing kimono talked to me whilst smiling .
`` Take a look , these kimonos are so beautiful , are n't they ? ``
`` They sure are `` I replied and went into the shop .
There were a lot of pictures stucked on the wall at the shop .
Some pretty girls wearing kimono were in Kyoto or Universal Studio Japan of Osaka on the pictures .
Some pretty girls wearing kimono were in Kyoto or Universal Studio Japan in Osaka on the pictures .
We talked about kimonos or something for a long time .
We talked about kimonos and things for a long time .
The clerk said , `` If you had a time , why do n't you try this on ? ``
The clerk said , `` If you have time , why do n't you try this on ? ``
She chose a beautiful light purple kimono for me .
Of corse I tried .
Of corse I tried it .
Of course I tried it on .
Because I had an enough time and I do n't have any kimonos instead of yukata .
I had enough time and I do n't have any kimonos instead of yukata .
But I 've been interested in kimono .
The kimono which I tried was really beautiful .
The kimono which I tried on was really beautiful .
I satisfied with trying it on and had fun with talking with the clerk .
I was satisfied with trying it on and had fun talking with the clerk .
I wish I were rich enough to buy kimono .
But Kimono is very expensive , I do n't afford to buy it now .
But Kimono 's are very expensive , I ca n't afford to buy it now .

Beautiful day
It seems that today will be really nice day .
It seems that today will be a really nice day .
In the sky are n't any clouds , the sun is shining and no wind .
There are n't any clouds in the sky . The sun is shining and there is no wind .
Also there are 3 degrees by Celsius , but it only11 a . m . Today I 'm going to play basketball in the skatepark .
Also , it is3 degrees Celsius , but it isonly11 a . m . Today I 'm going to play basketball in the skate park .
By the way in the NBA Oklahoma City Thunders wins versus L .
By the way , in the NBA , theOklahoma City Thunders wonversus L .
Lakers and now series are 2 - 2 .
Lakers and arenow 2 - 2 in theseries .
Today 3 : 30 p .
m on EST time Cleveland will play versus Chicago .
m EST time , Cleveland will play versus Chicago .
I hope Cavaliers will win .
I hope theCavaliers will win .
Also summer is coming .
Only 36 days left .
Bye , bye .
PS I have written it on 25th April .

It 's very warm today .
It is as if spring had come already here in Chubu area , in the center of Japan .
It like the spring had come already here in Chubu area , the center of Japan .
It is as if spring has already come here in Chubu area , in the center of Japan .
This is a quick digression , and the headquarter of hot TOYOTA is here .
This is a quick digression , and the headquarters of hot TOYOTA is here .
To return from the digression , since it was very warm , I wore light clothes and went out in the morning .
And yeasterday was my pay day , so I drew some money at ATM .
And yesterday was my pay day , so I withdrew some money from ATM .
But it took no less than 100 yen to withdraw as it is on saturday .
But it took me no less than 100 yen to withdraw some money as it was on saturday .
you see , just to withdraw !
you see , just to withdraw money !
And that 's my money !
The banks are so budet - minded , why should I pay money to withdraw my money ?
The banks are so budget - minded . Why should I pay money to withdraw my money ?
What 's more , they make money with the money we deposit .
Or conversely am I stingy ?
I believe they should abolish the fee .
What do you think ?
What do you think about it ?
Though I make fuss over it , I take out on weekends .
Though I make fuss over it , I take out my money on weekends .
But , of course , with some hesitation and complaints .
By the way , I walked to the convience store on foot since it 's so near .
By the way , I walked to the convience store on foot since it 's so close .
I could see many spring flowers out there , and I was able to feel spring actually is around the corner .
I could see many spring flowers out there , and I was able to feel spring is actually around the corner .
I looked up other words to mean warm and found as snug as a bug in a rug .
I looked up other words to mean warm and found `` as snug as a bug in a rug `` .
I found it very interesting .
I found it isvery interesting .
Because it is compared to a bug .
I think it 's not a pleasant expression , so I do n't use it actually in the entry in case some of you would take it wrong .
My first diary !
My name is phyten !
My name is Phyten !
I am a student in Hitotsubashi University whose department is ecomics .
I am a student in Hitotsubashi University , and my major is economics .
My hobby is . . .
( Here is a list of my hobbies . . . )
Guitar , reading books ( especially business and finance ) , badminton , the Internet , programming , and talking my friends !
Playing guitar , reading books ( especially on business and finance ) , playing badminton , surfing the Internet , programming , and talking ( chatting ) with my friends !
I will write diaries !

How can we be a nice neighbor ?
Neighbors can be not only a part of our life but also can be a part of society .
If our neighbors are very nice , we caan live comfortable and nice life with our neighbors because we can share our foods , and we can play with their son or daughter nicely .
However , if our neighbors are not very good , it can be opposite situation .
Thus , today , I want to share my opinion with how can be a nice neighbor .
First , we should be friendly neighbors .
I think this statement is the most important statement in my essay .
If we become friendly , the other neighbors will like us , and they will believe us .
And then , we wo n't be a bullying .
Also we can play with our neighbors , so not only we can make a friends but also we can spend a time greatly .
Also we can play with our neighbors . Not only we can make good friends but also we can spend quality time together .
By the way , what will be happened we wo n't be friendly to our neighbors ?
Of course , our neighbors will hate us , and they wo n't believe us , therefore , we will live a sad life .
Next , we should be helpful neighbors .
I think it can be a important statement , too .
Maybe I guess there is a saying , `` There will be fortunes to people who do nicely to their neighbors . `` .
Maybe I guess there is a saying , `` There will be fortunes to people who do nice things for their neighbors . `` .
It can be a right saying .
There will be fortunes to people who do nicely to their neighbors .
If we share the foods to our neighbors when they are becoming poor , then we can get a foods to them when they become okay and I became poor .
If we share the foods to our neighbors when they are becoming poor , then we can get some food from them when they become okay and I become poor .
Next , we should get a manner .
Next , we should act in a polite and positive manner towards our neighbors .
If we ignore our neighbors , they will hate us .
However if we do n't ignore them , they will like it because they will think I am getting respect to the neighbors .
Now , I will summarize my opinion .
Neighbors are the part of our life and society , and all of the people like the neighbors who are very nicely .
Neighbors are the part of our life and society , and all people like the neighbors who are very nice .
And if we should be friendly , helpful , and getting a manner if we want to become a nice neighbor .
We should be friendly , helpful , and act in a suitable manner if we want to become a nice neighbors .

Second day part 2
I finish my work now .
I 've finished my work .
I fixed a program code .
I fixed some program code .
I tested it and found it OK .
Now I 'm taking a train for home .
On this line ' Ninja ' trains - nija 's face painted on - run every day .
On this line ' Ninja ' trains - trains withninjas ' facespainted on - run every day .
On this line ' Ninja ' trains - trains with ninjas ' faces painted on the side - run every day .
But the train I 'm taking is not ' Ninja ' train .
But the train I 'm taking is not a ' Ninja ' train .

It 's didnt means I get lost but lost my bank card .
It does n't mean I got lost but that I lost my bank card .
Recently , I Was always absent - minded for any reason .
Till recently , I was always absent - minded for some reason .
Keep thinking something no matter walking on the road or siting in the train .
I kept thinking about things while walking on the road or siting in the train .
After I find out the card was not in the right place .
After I found out that the card was not in the right place .
I pour out the bag and check 3 times with anxious .
I emptied my bag and anxiously checked it 3 ( three ) times . with .
But still ca n't find it .
But I still could n't find it .
Then , I call my family immediately to let them have the lose report for the bank .
Then , I called my family to let them . report the loss to the bank immediately .
Luckly , when I came to the bank this morning , I was forget to take out the card from the ATM .
I can not do this any more .
I ca n't do that any more .
But what I can do ?
But what can I do ?

Lack of grammatical knowledge .
I find it difficult to correct Japanese sentences grammatically .
Even when I felt some sentences to be unnatural , I was not able to explain it with the grammatical reasons .
I will buy a book on Japanese grammar and refer to it whenever I correct .

just got home
I 've just got home , recently I got back home late because of the job .
I just got home , recently I 've been getting back home late because of my job .
I really want to say thank you for every one who correct my mistakes and give me a message .
I really want to say thank you to everyone who corrected my mistakes and sent me a message .
I 'm going to send a message to all of you this weekend .
I 'm sorry for saying ' ' Thank you ' ' late .

What can I do ?
I am now being an exchang student in American , and this is the first time I live without my family , so my parents worried a lot when I said good - buy to them at the airport .
I am now exchange student in America , and this is the first time I have ever lived without my family , so my parents worried a lot when I said goodbye to them at the airport .
But I reassured them by saying that I would send email .
But I reassured them by saying that I would send emails .
My first glance at my roommate actually left a very good impression on me because she was 5 years older than me , which made me feel she would support me in so many ways .
At first glance , my roommate actually left a very good impression on me because she was 5 years older than me , which made me feel she would support me in so many ways .
When I arrived my room , she was just with her Japanese boyfriend , so she introduced him to me and told me that if I had any Japanese questions , I could just tumble them out to her boyfriends .
When I arrived at my room , she was with her Japanese boyfriend , so she introduced him to me and told me that if I had any Japanese questions , I could just ask her boyfriend .
I felt that I was so lucky that God gave mesuch a nice roommate because she seemed to be very protective .
I felt that I was so lucky that God gave me such a nice roommate , because she seemed to be very protective .
For a girl who left home first time , it really helped a lot ! !
For a girl who had left home for the first time , it really helped a lot ! !
At least , she gave a a sense of secure though her boyfriend always stayed in our room even at the bed time .
At least , she gave a made me feel secure , though her boyfriend always stayed in our room even at the bed time .
Maybe as a girl , I was too dumb and too insensitive .
Her boyfriend was really nice because he always tried hard to explained grammar as clearly as possible to me .
To let my roommate know that I would bot be a threat to her relationship , I always brought up my questions only when she was also in .
To let my roommate know that I would not be a threat to her relationship , I only brought up my questions when she was there as well .
However , after I asked her boyfriend 3 times , she told me that she had been jealous .
Therefore , she hoped that I could turn to other Japanese .
Therefore , she hoped that I could turn to other Japanese for help instead .
Of course , I could one hundred percent relate to her because I also had a boyfriend though he was in another country .
As a result , I wrote a note to her , apologize and made it clear tthat I did not mean to do that .
As a result , I wrote a note to her , apologized and made it clear that I did not mean to upset her .
If she felf hurt , I would stop doing it right away ! !
If she felt hurt , I would stop doing it right away ! !
Even though her boyfrined told me that he felt his girlfriend was too emotional and that I could still consult him questions when she was away , I declined his kindness and almost never spoke to him .
Even though her boyfriend told me that he felt his girlfriend was too emotional and that I could still consult him questions when she was away , I declined his kindness and hardly spoke to him .
Originally I thought that everything will just go back to normal , to the very beginning when I was in a good term with her .
Originally I thought that everything would just go back to normal , to the very beginning when I was on good terms with her .
However I was totally wrong because now she only gave my a cold shoulder .
However I was totally wrong because now she only gives me the cold shoulder .
Now she never greets me in the moring like before and never smiles at me any more either .
I admit that probably I was wrong .
I should have paid more attention to her feelings . . . . .
I do n't know what I can do to retrieve our friendship . . .
I really feel so bad and awful because we are still living in teh same room . . . ! !

new expressions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Thesedays , I go to kind of small language academy called micasa .
During the class , we give short presentations about what 's going on our daily lives .
Last time , I fuzzed everytime as speaking more than usual .
Last time , I fuzzed every time as speaking more than usual .
It was not just because I was nervous , also it was the result of studying harder for the recent days .
Sounds irony , doesn ; t it ?
Sounds ironic , does n't it ?
What I mean is the more I study about expressions or vocabularies , the more I 'm confused , because everytime I try to use new things , it does n't come to my mind as automatically as I wish , and it makes me mummuring ( ? ) .
What I mean is the more I study about expressions or vocabularies , the more I 'm confused , because everytime I try to use new things , it does n't come to my mind as automatically as I wish , and it makes me murmur ( ? ) .
I wish I could use them directly as I acquire .
I know it 's not going to happen , since everything takes some amount of pain .
I have limited expressions at my disposal especially when I speak .
I use same things all the time , which I got used to .
I want to go to the next step .
Could anyone give me some advice ?

I ca n't wait xD
Hi guys : ]
Why ca n't I wait ?
So I have a school trip from 7th to 9th on september .
It 's because I have a school trip on September 7 - 9 .
Although I live in Fukushima in Japan , I 'll go to Tokyo in Japan .
Although I live in Fukushima in Japan , I 'll be going to Tokyo in Japan . ( Future Tense )
It 's takes time about 6 hours to go there .
So I need to be ready for school trip soon .
So I need to be ready for my school trip soon .
So , I 'll write about school trip when I back home .
I 'll write about my school trip when I get back home .
Bye Bye : )

Some things
With each passing day I have less desire to write something .
This lead to nowhere .
This leads to nowhere .
I 'm trying to feel this world .
I try to understand that I can still see , feel , recognize .
I want to try myself in the material world .
I want to try myself against the material world .
Achieve something .
And then disappear .
Smog disappeared .
Moscow poured rain .
Tomorrow I 'm going to a medical examination .
I want to know if I have a deadly disease .
If there is , I have little time .
So have to miss part of the material world .

That 's it .
Good morning , everyone .
How are you doing ?
I got up at six o ' clock this morning .
We have a vocal ensemble festival today .
Our turn is 14 : 25 .
Our turn is at 14 : 25 .
I 'm going to my university , and starting chor practice from now on .
I 'm going to my university , and starting choir practice from now on .
We have a drinking party tonight .
I want to drink nice beer . ^ ^ I want to try my best .

My life in the dormitory
I live in the dorm with international student from the U .
I live in a dorm with an international student from the U .
I live in a dorm with an international student from the U .
She is very good at Japanese and always help me study English .
She is very good at Japanese and always helps me study English .
She is very good at Japanese and always helps me study English .
However , because of her good Japanese skill , I sometimes hesitate to speak English .
However , because she speaks Japanese so well , I sometimes hesitate to speak English .
Moreover , she always speak Japanese instead of using English , so I do n't have enough chance to speak English .
Moreover , she always speaks Japanese instead of using English , so I do n't have enough chances to speak English .
Moreover , she always speak Japanese instead of using English , so I do n't have enough chances to speak English .
Therefore , I try to decide `` ONLY ENGLISH DAY `` and I ask her to speak only English during the day !
Therefore , I try to decide `` ONLY ENGLISH DAY `` and I ask her to speak only English during that day !
Therefore , I decided to try an `` ONLY ENGLISH DAY `` and I asked her to speak only English during the day !

Diary 2011 / 5 / 21
My brain 's run out of gas , because it was hot day today .
So , I 'm not working at all today .
Come back in time , if I could : (
I 'd go back in time , if I could : (

This is my cat , Annzu .
This is my cat .
Her name is Annzu which means apricot in Japanese .
She is so affectionate and friendly .
Annzu had been a stray cat and pecked by crows in a park , before a volunteer saved her life .
Annzu was a stray cat and was pecked by crows in a park , before a volunteer saved her life .
I got in touch with the volunteer as soon as I found the article about the poor cat on a website .
When she came to my house for the first time , she was so skinny that we could n't hug strongly .
When she came to my house for the first time , she was so skinny that we could n't hug her tightly .
Now she is well - nourished and looks so happy .
The other day she had a chance to be a model and earned some money .
What a good cat ! .

Today , I bigin lang - 8
Today , I begin lang - 8
I study English since I was junior high school student .
I 've been studying English since I was a junior high school student .
I can read wrriten paper in Emglish , for example news papers .
I can understand wrriten Emglish , for example news papers ,
But I ca n't listen and write in English .
but I ca n't listen and write English .
I want to use English fluently .
Today , I had the Chinase class in the afternoon .
The class composes of for student and teacher .
The class consists of students and teachers .
I have to speak words many times , so it is profitable .
I had to speak many times , so it was profitable .

Gossip Girl
Gossip Girl is a propular America TV series that was introduced to China as fashion and life style book .
Gossip Girl is a popular American TV series that was introduced to China as a fashion and life style book .
In the shows , Serana and Blair are the most luck girl who is rich and beatiful , charm and so on .
In the shows , Serana and Blair are the most lucky girls who are rich , beautiful , charming , and so on .
They possess all the thing which was most girl want to have in the world over all .
They possess all the things which was most girls want to have in the world over all .
The people in the Upper east live in gorgious and lavish , but they are elite who know how to manage a multinational corporation even though maybe inherited from family .
The people in the upper east live in a gorgeous and lavish area , plus they are elite who know how to managemultinational corporations even though maybe inherited them from family .
Obviously , they are spotlight in any parties at Newyork night .
Obviously , they are in the spotlight in any parties at New York they go to at night .
we are mortal , directly I envy that kind of bule blood people .
We are mortal , directly I envy that kind of bule ( ? ) blood people .
Let me cite a fashional word `` hold `` which is fatacy of a amazing girl in China .
Let me cite a fashionable word `` hold `` which is fantasy of an amazing girl in China .
Hold Hold Hold .
I want to NY someday .
I want to go to NY someday .

One of serious problems in Japan .
One of the serious problems in Japan .
I watched TV news which is about high numbers of suicide during yonger age from about 20 to 30 years old people .
I watched a TV news broadcast which was about the high numbers of suicide among younger people around 20 to 30 years old .
That is 30 thousands .
The news told that the numbers continue to increase over 10 years .
The news said that the numbers have continue to increase over the last 10 years .
I was shocked to know that .
Exactlly I think that most yonger people in Japan have no dream or purspose to the future .
I think that most younger people in Japan have no dreams or purpose for the future .
And such as people think they want to be admitted by society and around people .
But thay ca n't be , because they do nothing .
They do n't have objects so they ca n't aim to do for that .
Then society and people never admit them .
Then they feel themselves as useless in the world , no reason to live anymore .
Then they feel themselves as useless to the world and that they have no reason to live anymore .
Then they kill themselves .
Of course not all suicide people think so and die because of it .
Anyway , present time , we are much richer materially than past but our minds got weaken .
Anyway , presently , we are much richer materially than we have been in past , but our minds have weakened .
Especially in Japan .
And Japanese society is in aging society and we run out of work force of yonger people .
And Japanese society is in aging society . We are running out of younger people in the work force .
Somehow we must stop younger people suicide or our society will collapse very sooner than we expected .
Somehow we must stop younger people from committing suicide , or our society will collapse much sooner than we expected .

Feeling Lonely
I had been to Oita , my home town , for about three weeks for summer vacation , and I came back home three days before .
I went to Oita , my home town , for about three weeks for summer vacation , and I came back home three days ago .
Now I 'm a college student in Osaka .
I felt afresh appreciation of my parents this time because of going back my home town .
I felt a fresh appreciation of my parents this time because of going back to my home town .
I also realized how I had ever been having luxurious life .
I also realized how I had always had a luxurious life .
I did n't feeling lonely before I went back to Oita , but still if I go back once , I will be accustomed to my original life that has any dogs , sister and parents , so when I was alone , I felt lonely very much .
I did n't feel lonely before I went back to Oita , but still if I go back once , I will get accustomed to my old life with dogs , a sister and parents , so when I am alone again , I will feel very lonely .
But in fact , I 'm understanding it is too bad for me because I 'll go abroad in America for four years as a university studdent .
But in fact , I 'm know that it is too bad for me because I 'm going abroad to America for four years as a university studdent .
Lately my sole enjoyment is to go shopping alone .
Nobody in my friends live my house nearby , so whenever I go shopping , I am alone .
None of my friends lives near my house , so whenever I go shopping , I am alone .
It is only a matter of time to start my class , so I 'm looking forward to seeing my friends now .
It is only a matter of time now before I start my class ( again ) , so I 'm looking forward to seeing my friends now .
Incidentally , is there somebody who know some ideas to do like this time , feel lonely ? ?

in public
It happend a few months ago .
This happened a few months ago .
That day , I was wating for a train at platform as ususal .
I was on the platform , waiting for a train , as usual .
Nothing had been strange until a woman came .
The woman , she seemed to be over 50 years - old , came near
She seemed to be over 50 years - old , and came near to
where I was stand because there was public phone near me .
where I was standing , because there was public phone near me .
She put money into phone then dialled .
She put money into phone , then dialed .
`` Oh , I 'm sorry I 'll be late `` the woman talked with big voice that
`` Oh , I 'm sorry I 'm going to be late . `` the woman said in a loud voice that
everybody on the platform could hear .
she continued talking .
She continued talking .
`` I was pooing .
`` I was having a poo . ( lol . . )
it was really big one so it took a long time to flash . ``
It was really big one so it took a long time to flush . ``
`` Yeah , really big !
so I missed a train .
That 's why I missed the train .
I 'm sorry I was here on time but it could n't be flashed ``
I 'm sorry I ca n't be there on time , but it could n't be flushed ``
She desperately explained not her fault but her poo 's fault .
She desperately explained that it was n't her fault , but her poos fault .
Sometimes people make an excuse for their mistakes such as tardy .
Sometimes people make excuses for their mistakes , such as tardiness
However , I have never heard such an childish excuse .
However , I have never heard such a childish excuse .
Even if it were real thing , she should have said another lie .
Othrewise , anybody belive her .
Otherwise , nobody will believe her .

sesami street
Everyday , going to the company , I watched the video on the iPod touch .
Everyday , going to the office , I watch a video on my iPod touch .
Recently It is `` the sesami street ``
Recently I 've been watching `` Sesame Street ``
It is for studying English .
for the purpose of studying English .
`` Sesami street `` is fun for me .
`` Sesame street `` is fun for me .
But it Excitement story tired me sometimes .
But it 's exciting story tires me sometimes .
The word Excitement means `` Hi - tensyon ``
The word ' excitement ' means `` Hi - tensyon `` -
Maybe it is wrong English .
Maybe it is bad English .
what is the word on the street .
`` sesami street `` is useful for studying english .
`` sesame street `` is useful for studying english .
Please someone give me information
that `` less excitement `` english studying video .
about `` less exciting `` English studying videos .

I had a dream that I drove a car and a car fell off from the road .
I had a dream that I drove a car and it fell off from the road .
I safely survived though !

season of allergy
I had lie down before I checked the e - mail yesterday .
I had to lie down before I checked the e - mail yesterday .
I was not busy but I was tired .
I do n't know why .
However , It is very easy to change the temperature every day and the pollen begin flying very much .
So , maybe I think I might have a allergy to pollen .
So , maybe I think I might have an allergy to pollen .
In spring season I become a dry skin and my eyes is very itchy . . .
In spring I get dry skin and my eyes become very itchy . . .

studying English
Studying English
Hello everyone .
Hello , everyone .
My name is KAORI , live in Japan Osaka .
My name is KAORI and I live in Japan Osaka .
My name is KAORI living in Osaka , Japan .
My name is KAORI , and I live in Osaka , Japan .
I had to study English while student , but I ca n't understand English now .
I had studied English while I was a student , but I ca n't understand English now .
I had to study English when I was a student , but I can not understand English still now .
I had to study English while I was a student , but I ca n't understand English .
This complex is very heavy for me .
This trauma is very heavy to me .
So , I decided starting to study English at this site .
So , I decided to start studying English at this site .
So , I decided to start learning English at this site , again .
So , I decided to start studying English again at this site .
Please teach me correct English .
Please teach me the correct English .

One of the reasons I have to study
I was busy last week with my work .
So recently I have not update my diary .
So recently I have not updated my diary .
By the way , one of the reasons I have to study English is I sometimes need to use English .
I work in the trading company .
I work in a trading company .
We receive a telephone call from abroad , take care of foreign customer visit to Japan , go to business trip to research around the several congresses and exhibitions .
We receive telephone calls from abroad , take care of foreign customer who visits Japan , go on business trips to do research at various conferences and exhibitions .
It is difficult fo me to speak English well .
But I 'm enjoying it .
I believe someday I will be improve my English , I keep to study and update this website .
I believe someday I will improve my English if I keep on studying and updating ( my diary on ) this website .

wow . . what a good website it is !
Wow . . what a good website this is !
Wow . . what a good website this is !
This is the first time to write in here .
This is my first time writing here .
I 'm very happy to know this site now !
I want to meet many people in other countries !
I want to meet many people from other countries !
I 'm very interested in classical guitar , but I ca n't played well .
I 'm very interested in classical guitar , but I ca n't play well .
I 'm very interested in classical guitar , but I ca n't play well .
After I graduate a colleage , I would play the guitar freely ! !
After I graduate from college , I would play the guitar freely ! !
After I graduate from college , I 'll be able to play the guitar freely ! !

Today have World cup : : : : : : : : : English drama
Tonight have World cup Japanese game !
Tonight the World cup Japan vs Paraguay game is on !
I want to support Japanese team , but I have to go to my part - time job . . . .
I want to support the Japanese team , but I have to go to my part - time job . . . .
Too bad ! ! !
I want Okada Japan to win !
I want to watch English drama to learn English .
DVD shop have many dvd , 24 , prison brake , agree betty , gossip girl , fringe , and so on . . .
DVD shop have many dvds : 24 , prison brake , ugly betty , gossip girl , fringe , and so on . . .
What is your recommend ?
What is your recommendation ?
Pleach teach me ^ ^

Crisis of electric power failure in Tokyo
Japanese government warned people that there was possibility of electric power failure in Kanto region yesterday afternoon .
The Japanese government warned people that there was a possibility of electric power failure in the Kanto region yesterday afternoon .
The Japanese government warned people that there was a possibility of an electric power failure in the Kanto region yesterday afternoon .
Tokyo power company had already stopped their service in the scheduled area .
Tokyo power company had already stopped their service in the scheduled area
The Tokyo power company had already stopped their service in the scheduled area .
But they said power still was not enough .
but they said there was still not enough power .
But they said there was still not enough power .
I rushed to buy some candles for the crisis , because we did n't have enough dry batteries for our flashlights .
And I filled plastic bottles , pots and bukect with water as much as possible .
I filled plastic bottles , pots and buckets with as much water as possible .
I filled plastic bottles , pots and buckets with as much water as possible .
We could n't use water , if we had power failure .
We ca n't use water if we have a power failure .
We would n't be able to use water , if we had a power failure .
My apartment serves water to each family with electric power .
My apartment is serving water to each family with electric power .
Fortunately , we avoided the crisis , though all ATM did n't work temporarily in one of Major Japanese Bank .
Fortunately , we avoided the crisis , although all the ATMs temporarily did n't work at one major Japanese bank .
Fortunately , we avoided the crisis , although all the ATMs were out of order temporarily in one of the major Japanese banks .

the autumn approaches .
The Fall approaches .
It was rainning day .
It was rainning day . It was raining today
It was raining day .
The weather of Korea is a little cold with the change of seasons .
The weather in Korea is a little cold due to the change of seasons .
I hate this period because I get sentimental in the fall .
For that reason , I thought a lot of things .
For that reason , I thought about a lot of things .
So , I 'm mentally overloaded .
So , now I 'm mentally overloaded .
I could do with something fun !
I should do something fun !
I want to break out of my daily routine .

Introduction of my favorite item for Snowboarding .
You know the Accublade ?
It is a very useful BINDING of YONEX .
But in Japan , much people deny it .
Because it is STEP - IN - BINDING .
All kind of BINDINGs can split a STRAP - IN and a STEP - IN .
Now , many BINDINGs are type of STRAP - IN .
And much people use it .
The STRAP - IN has strap for human installation to snowboard .
So it is simple and it has a little matter .
Therefore much people like this type .
Well when many company produced STEP - IN - BINDINGS , so much people despaired .
their product had many problems .
But now , YONEX ( SHIMANO ) is producing new kind of STEP - IN - BINDING that fixed many problems .
It is Accublade .
I want to spread it across the world .
Please look this url .

Yesterday , I hanged out to relax .
Yesterday , I hung out to relax .
I walked from Shibuya to Harajuku and return to Shibuya .
I walked from Shibuya to Harajuku and returned to Shibuya .
I walked from Shibuya to Harajuku and returned to Shibuya .
I stopped at Yoyogi park on my way to Harajuku .
It was a nice weather , so I fall well .
It was a nice weather , so I felt well .
It was a happy day , because I went to spot I never go .
It was a happy day , because I went to a spot I never go .
It was a happy day , because I went to a place I have never been to before .
Breath - freasher was important .

I forgot what I wanted to write today .
I forgot what I wanted to write about today .
My cellphone has n't been working well .
My cellphone was n't working well .
I thought my cellphone at last broke down seriously because even when I pressed the buttons , it did n't react at all .
I thought my cellphone finally broke down , because it did n't react even after I pressed the buttons .
I seriously thought my cellphone had finally broken down because when I pressed the buttons , it did n't react at all .
On being in the situation , I was almost losing my composure .
I almost lost my composure .
I was almost losing my composure .
At that moment , I almost lost my composure .
No sooner than had I noticed that than I went to my friend 's room whose cellphone is the same type as mine .
I noticed that my friend 's cellphone is the same type as mine .
He was studying , but I broke in because I did n't afford to care for him .
He was studying , but I broke in because I did n't afford to care for him .
He was studying , but I went in anyways because I did n't care .
He was studying but I could n't care less and went in anyway .
He gave me some pieces of information about the cellphone and suggested that I call the customer center of the company .
He told me some information about the cellphone and suggested that I call customer service .
Luckily , he was willing to share some information about the cellphone and suggested me to call customer service immediately .
Finished his story , I tried to call soon .
After he had finished his story , I tried to call customer service .
Listening to his advice , I tried to call customer service .
The moment I called to the customer center , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
The moment I called to the customer center , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
The moment I called customer service , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
The moment I called , I noticed that I was using my cellphone and it was working as usual .
I was an airhead .
I think it is because of my aging .
I think it is because of my aging .
I think it is because I 'm getting old .
By the way , I 'm working on my essay .
Every time I 'm writing an essay , I used a lot of the same transitional words .
Every time I write an essay , I use a lot of the same transitional words .
Every time I write an essay , I kept using the same transitional words .
If you know a lot of varieties of transitional words such as moreover , in addition , thus , therefore , in short , etc , could you please let me know ?
If you know a variety of transitional words , could you please let me know ?
If you know a lot about of transitional words , could you please let me know ?
Thank you for reading .

Busy Week
I 've been busy at work this week .
I have lots of work to do , but I need to keep my learning time somehow .
I have had lots of work to do , but I need to keep my learning time somehow .
It 's difficult for me to do two things at the same time .
It 's difficult for me to do two things at the same time .

Hello , Lang - 8 : )
Well , it 's my first time to write dairy in English .
My English is terrible , so it 's difficult for me to express what I mean exactly .
But I 'll try hard , Hoping that I can keep up at least a week .
But I 'll try hard , hoping that I can keep up at least once a week .
Today I 'd gone to the orientation of AIESEC .
I want to be the international translate volunteer .
I want to be an international translation volunteer .
But obviously , my language ability is not good enough .
So maybe I should practice English often , hoping that Lang - 8 do help .
So maybe I should practice English often , hoping that Lang - 8 will help .

July 21 , Wednesday , Sunny
It was hot and humid today .
Outside was too hot , so I went home early and I have stayed at the living room .
Outside was too hot , so I went home early and stayed in the living room .
The reason is that the living room is the only room that has an air conditioner .
The reason why is that the living room is the only room that has an air conditioner .
There was nothing special today . . .
I hope that tomorrow will be a good day for me .

Walk in Saint Petersburg
Today I want to tell you about my city .
I am live in Saint Petersburg near metro station `` Ploshad Mygestva `` .
I live in Saint Petersburg near the metro station `` Ploshad Mygestva `` .
This station are not situated in center of the city , but I very often go to center for walkin on beautiful streets .
This station is not situated in the center of the city , but I very often go to the center to walk on the beautiful streets .
Many Peterburg 's streets save some especial historical form .
Many of St Petersburg 's streets still have some special historical features .
Little courtyards , narrow streets buildings from 19 century surrounded you and can movie you in this fantastic time .
Little courtyards , narrow streets and buildings from the 19th century surround you and can immerse you in this fantastic time .
And a lot of cars , shops and coffe houses ca n't break this illusion .
And a lot of cars , shops and coffee houses ca n't break this illusion .
You may walk in this city many days and every day you will open some new details of this atmosphere for youself .
You can walk in this city for many days and every day you will discover some new details of this atmosphere for youself .
Many times I just walk on `` Nevsky prospect `` and go to the Aleksander Nevsky square .
Many times I just walk on `` Nevsky prospect `` and go to Aleksander Nevsky square .
Sometimes when I do not hurry I am just turn on right or left in random crossroads and aimlessly walk on little streets feel this unique atmosphere .
Sometimes when I 'm not in a hurry , I just turn right or left at random crossroads and aimlessly walk around the little streets to feel the unique atmosphere .
If you ever will in Saint Petersburg and you will have many time , I advise you just walk on the city one or two hours without any excursions and you will feel this unique atmosphere of 19 centure .
If you are ever in Saint Petersburg and you have a lot of free time , I advise you to just walk around the city for one or two hours without any plan , and you will feel the unique atmosphere of the 19th century .

Vegetables
When I went to a super market in England for the first time , I saw very big cucumbers .
I was surprised so big .
I was surprised at / by how big they were .
I thought that these cucumbers more than twice times as large as ones in Japan .
I thought that these cucumbers were more than twice as large as ones in Japan .
And I was surprised by very small carrots as well .
I recognized that even same vegetables have different shape .
I recognized that even the same vegetables can have / be different shapes .

Let 's start !
Nice to meet you !
My name is Essa .
I live in Kyoto , Japan .
I begin Lang - 8 today .
I began using Lang - 8 today .
I 'm not good at English , therefore I think that I should write short sentence every day .
I 'm not good at English , therefore I think that I should write short sentences every day .
Thank you for your help .

first time !
My name is Sakura .
This is the first time to write a diary .
This is my first time writing a diary .
I 'm Japanese and 21years old .
I 'm Japanese . I 'm 21 years old .
My name means cherry blossoms that is the most popular flower in japan .
My name means cherry blossoms , which is the most popular flower in japan .
I live in Kanagawa prefecture where is near the Tokyo .
I live in Kanagawa prefecture which is near Tokyo .
I lern about ' Environment and Humanity ' in University .
I 'm learning about ' Environment and Humanity ' in my University .
My hobby is dancing , listening to hiphop music and going to museam .
My hobbies are dancing , listening to hip - hop music and going to museums .
From March I 'm going to go to Colorado State University in the USA .
In March I 'm going to go to Colorado State University in the USA .
So I have studied English .
If you find any errors , please correct them .
If you find any errors , please correct them .

Guys . . .
My end year result will come out this Thursday
My year end result will come out this Thursday .
I felt pretty anxious waiting for the day
I feel pretty anxious waiting for this day .
I hope to get the flying colours result
I hope to pass with flying colours !
Wish me luck ! ! !

Please help me
Even though I try to write short entry , I regret nobady correct yesterday 's entry . . .
Even though I try to write short entries , I regret that nobody corrected yesterday 's entry . . .
Do you think what should I do to get the corrections ?
You do you think I should do to get corrections ?
Please give me some advising in order to get the corrections .
Please give me some advice on how to get more corrections .
And could you please to correct my yesterday 's entry ?
Would you please correct the entry I made yesterday ?
And could you please correct yesterday 's entry ?
I need your help to improve my English skills .
My holiday
Yesterday , I went to a hot spring and the bookstore .
Yesterday I went to a hot spring and the bookstore .
A hot spring was very good .
The hot spring was very good .
It was so relaxing .
Wow , I took a bath for two hours .
In the bookstore , I bought a textbook of English proficiency .
At the bookstore I bought a textbook on English proficiency .
I thought , the space of the bookstore are the best .
I found many books of interest .
Someday , I want to try English proficiency .
Someday I want to be proficient in English .
Oh yeah .
I forgot .
I went to school before going to the bookstore and a hot springs .
I went to school before going to the hot springs and book store .
Because , It was to meet with fellow teachers .
It was to meet with fellow teachers .
I made cheesecake delivered to the fellow had to work .
I made cheesecake and delivered it to the fellow who had to work .
This picture is the handmade cake .
It was delicious ! !
How was your holiday everyone like ?
( * Second picture is views of the nearby hot springs )
( * The second picture is a view of the nearby hot springs . )

I hate math ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Hahahahahahahahaha . . . . . . . . .
Math is very important subject in Korea .
Math is a very important subject in Korea .
If you give up this , you give up college .
If you give up on this subject , you give up on college .
And I am real poor at math .
But I am really poor in math .
And I am really bad at math .
Who made trigonometrical function and permutations and combinations ! ! !
I ca n't understand at all .
I ca n't understand ( it ) at all .
Whenever solve a question , I just get ruined .
Whenever I try to solve a question , I just get stuck .
How I can be good at math ?
How I can get better at math ?

Christmas is coming !
It 's about two weeks before Christmas .
My best friend in the U .
S . send me a Christmas present every year
so I prepared sending a present for her today !
so I decided to send a present for her today !
She likes to eat Japanese snacks so I decided to send her plenty of Japanese snacks .
She likes to eat Japanese snacks so I decided to send her a plenty of Japanese snacks .
Most are rice crackers in different tastes .
Most of it are rice crackers in different tastes .
I am shipping out them on Monday so the package should be arriving by Christmas !

Sigh . . . . . . . . .
I often consider about communication with people in another language .
I am an English learner , and I have been learning conversational English for 2 years .
I have been communicating people in English for 2 years .
However , it is still difficult for me to do it .
I think that I have become able to enjoy conversations in English .
However , when I start to debate or discuss , I still can not handle in English well .
Since my goal is not to master how to debate or discuss , I do not mind it so much .
On the other hand , I always think that I would love to handle English without any negative feelings .
I think that it is my true goal .
So , I consider what and how I have to do to communicate with people in English without any negative feelings .
In other words , I think it might be to master how to debate and discuss in English because in many case conversations consist of them .
Right now I feel like as if I am in a dark and long tunnel .
I can not discover the exit of the tunnel .
I can not see the end of the tunnel .
I can not go back , and all I can do is to go forth while I am touching the wall of the tunnel .
I can not go back , and all I can do is to go forward while touching the wall of the tunnel .
I sometimes feel afraid , depression and loneliness , but I have to conquer them if I would love to become a fluent English speaker .
I sometimes experience fear , depression and loneliness , but I have to conquer them if I want to become a fluent English speaker .
I almost loose my confidence if I can do it or not . . . . . .
I almost lose my confidence of whether I can do it or not . . . . . .

It 's too cold to use my room today .
It was too cold to use my room today .
The heater of my room is not warm enough , so I decided using my laptop in my living room .
The heater in my room is not warm enough , so I decided using my laptop in my living room .
According to weather news , this cold weather will last until tomorrow .
According to the weather news , this cold weather will last until tomorrow .
I wonder if I could use my room tomorrow .
I wonder if I 'll use my room tomorrow .

six days - safety driving
I do n't like to go out during a long holiday , everywhere will crowded with car and people .
I do n't like to go out during a long holiday , everywhere is crowded with car and people .
It 's not easy to go for a few meters in traffic jam .
It 's not easy to go for a few meters in a traffic jam .
Chiang Mai is the real tourist city right now .
We could see many cars from Bangkok and other provinces .
Most of Chiang Mai residents will stay at home for celebration with families , while the visitors around the world choose to countdown on the street .
Most of Chiang Mai residents will stay at home for celebration with families , while the visitors from around the world choose to countdown on the street .
The mass transportation in this season is n't enough and comfortable .
So the families drive their vehicles for trip or long distance travelling instead .
Have you ever viewed the cars and the motorbikes had any accidents on the street in this season ?
Have you seen any accidents on the street in this season ?
After the celebration finish , the drunken drivers need to go back home so they always lost their control in driving .
After the celebrations finish , the drunken drivers need to go back home , but they always lost their control in driving .
During this festival we wish less disaster or lost .
During this festival we wish there was less disaster or loss .
Then the police station have a service to provide a cup of coffee or the foot massage for a long distance driver .
The police station has a service to provide a cup of coffee or a foot massage for a long distance driver .
Only a small hope that we will less lost than last year .
We have only a small hope that there will be less loss than last year .
Our long holiday is lasted from 31st Dec 2009 to 3rd Jan 2010 included the begining and finishing day , it 's totally six days .
Our long holiday lasts from 31st Dec 2009 to 3rd Jan 2010 including the beginning and finishing day . It 's six days in total .

being the lastest today I spend my time to computer .
Lately , I spend a lot of my time on the computer .
the reason is my table on the computer
The reason is that it is on my table .
start using the computer I be mad to internet
When I start using the computer I go mad with the internet .
then I cure that to using this program .
But I cure that now using this program :
' pctime '
This program see , how much time you using the computer
This program shows how much time you spend using the computer
so after using this program my computer time is go down
So since I 've started using this program , my computer time has gone down

Memories of Summer
It 's real summer , is n't it ?
It 's really summer , is n't it ?
I 've been in the cool air - conditioned room most of the time .
It 's laxourious .
It 's . luxurious !
My mother sent me a lot of corn on the cobs last week , so I still have some of them in the freezer .
I cooked a few cobs on the microwave oven and had one of them just now .
It 's reminiscent taste of my childhood at my hometown .
It 's reminiscent of a taste during my childhood in my hometown .
When I close my eyes , I could see myself eating corn sitting outside in front of my house .
When I close my eyes , I can see myself eating corn , sitting outside in front of my house .
All of the doors and windows are open , because there is no airconditioner .
All of the doors and windows are open , because there is no air [ space ] conditioner .
But there is a nice breeze in the alley .
Suppose the taste of corn in old days was n't as good as the present one , but I feel like it was much better than now .
At my hometown , there is a very beautiful river .
In my hometown , there is a very beautiful river .
My elementary school did n't have a pool , so in summer we walked to the river to learn swimming .
Sometimes we went to the river with cucumbers , tomatoes , a kind of cheap melons and occasionally watermelons .
Sometimes we went to the river with cucumbers , tomatoes , some cheap melons and occasionally watermelons .
It was the most enjoyable time to the students .
It was the most enjoyable time for us students .
I still remember the cucumbers and tomatoes just with a little salt tasted very good .
I still remember the cucumbers and tomatoes , withjust a little salt on them . They tasted very good !
Oh , I still remember my childhood very well .
Wow . . .
Oh well , do n't ask me what I ate for dinner yesterday .
But please do n't ask me what I ate for dinner yesterday .

My speech contest
I had a pre speech contest today .
I had a pre - speech contest today .
Unfortunately I could n't survive for the final because I made a fluff .
Unfortunately I did n't make it to the final because I made a fluff .
Also I was told from a teacher as I made a fluff because I did n't speak from my heart .
I was also told by a teacher that I made a fluff because I did n't speak from my heart .
That word was a blow to me .
That was a blow to me .
I 'm depressed today .
I know this is kind of a small matter but anyway it was very very regrettable ! !
I know this is kind of a small matter but it was very , very regrettable anyway ! !

Please give me your advices
Please give me your advice .
For example ,
cold more cold most cold ?
cold colder coldest ?
More , most , - er , - est .
Is there anything regularity in adjective ?
Please answer my question someone .

Saturday , August 13 , 2011
Today , I participant to the dance clase called `` Yung Americans `` .
At this class , a lot of people are American teachers .
At this class , lots of people were American teachers .
First , we did hip hop dance .
It was very dificult .
After that , I draw a pictre about , trees .
After that , I draw a picture about trees .
After that , we did singing class .
At that , we song a lot of bettles songs .
At that , we sung a lot of Beatles ' songs .
After that , we ate lunch .
I ate one rise ball and cream puff .
It was delicious but , I was still hungrey .
It was delicious but , I was still hungry .
Then , I sang a song called `` under the sea `` .
Then , I sung a song called `` Under the Sea . ``
I could n't song very good because my voice was very high .
I could n't sung very good because my voice was so high .
Today was very fun because , we did a lot of things .
Today was really full of fun , because we did a lot of things .

My future course in life
Now I 'm at the top of the Depatment of Electrical Engineering , Tokyo University of Science .
And I 'm interested in Fuel Cell and Internet .
And I 'm interested in Fuel Cell research and the Internet .
I read a paper which was about solid oxide fuel cell and got a prize in my university 's competition .
But I do n't feel an absolute necessity to be registered in it any more .
Breakthroughs of new companies like Facebook , Zynga , Groupon and so on make me think so .
There are n't no stimulating things at the things at the University .
There are n't any stimulating things at the University .
I 'm not sure which road to take .
Working or studying energy and environment technologies including Fuel Cell in graduate school .
Working or studying energy and environmental technologies including Fuel Cell research in graduate school .
I know this should n't bother me .
I say `` Do n't think .
Do it `` silently to myself .
But I 'm unable to make a quick decision .
Would you give me some advice ?

Repair Computer
Repairing a Computer
Recently , There are some matter on my computer , When I open the
Recently , There were some problems with my computer ,
computer , screen can ` t be lighted .
When I turned my computer on , the screen was blank
So last night I took the computer
apart and see what ` s wrong with it .
I repaired it from 19 : 00 to 22 : 00 .
Finally , my computer started work again .
Finally , my computer started to work again .
I am very happy and have a feeling of satisfaction .

Take TOEIC exam
I 'm going to take TOEIC exam this weekend .
I 'm going to take the TOEIC ( exam ) this weekend .
I missed it in January since I got flu the day before the test .
I missed it in January since I got the flu the day before the test .
Therefore I 'm glad to be able to take it .
Therefore I 'm glad to be able to take it this time .
I wonder my English vocabulary is improving at this period .
I wonder if my English vocabulary has been improving during this period .

I had my hair cut
I had my hair cut today , becouse summer is coming up soon .
I had my hair cut today because summer is coming soon .
The length of my hair is pretty shot now , compared to before .
The length of my hair is pretty short now , compared to before .
And I feel so good .
I feel so good .

Drive My Car .
Today , I went to office by car .
Today , I went to the ( / my ) office by car .
Today , I drove to my office .
I ride on a train usual .
I ride on a train as usual .
I usually ride on a train .
But , today was really hot and humide .
But , it was really hot and humide today .
But , today was really hot and humid .
I did n't want to walk for long time .
I did n't want to walk for a long time .
I did n't want to walk for a long time .
I like driving car !
I like driving ( my car ) !
But my car is getting worse because it is so old .
But , my car is getting worse because it is so old .
It broken window 's sensor and very noisy .
the window 's sensor and it 's very noisy .
I think I 'd better to buy a new car .
I think I 'd better buy a new car .
But I do n't have enough money : (
But , I do n't have enough money : ( .
Please do n't break my car ! ! !
Please do n't break car ! ! !

My profile
My name is Hikaru Asami .
MY birthday September 21th .
My birthday is on September 21st .
My birthday is on September 21th .
I 'm from Katushika .
My special ability to saied of European all countres metropolitan name .
My special ability to say all of the European countries metropolitan name .
I like watch baseball .
I like to watch baseball .
I like to watch baseball .
My favorit team of `` Hiroshima Toyo Carp `` .
My favorite team is `` Hiroshima Toyo Carp `` .
My favorit team is the `` Hiroshima Toyo Carp `` .
I like travel .
I like to travel .
I like to travel .
I went to vorious parts of Japan .
I went to various parts of Japan .
I went to various parts of Japan .
I went to China last year .
I want to go on a Europe sometime in the future .
I want to go on a tour of Europe sometime in the future .
I want to go to Europe sometime in the future .

24 / 5 / 11
Today , my mom told me that in a high school which is in my hometown , there is a student was suicide .
Today , my mom told me that in a high school in my hometown , there was a student suicide .
I think he suicide because of the pressure from school , because he is not the first one in my hometown , in China .
When I was study in junior high school , my schoolfellow was suicide , many students were happy , because of the unusual holiday .

Swimming is difficult for me , though I live in the southeastern of china where are rich in rivers and lakes .
Swimming is difficult for me although I live inSoutheast China , a place rich in rivers and lakes .
In this summer vacation I decide to learn it .
During this summer vacation , I decided to learn it .
I have already had two swimming classes , from which , I have learn some basic swimming skills , with more and more exercises , I have fall in love with it , it can make our keep fit , what 's more , it 's also a good relaxing way .
I have already had two swimming classes from which I have learned some basic swimming skills . With more and more practice , I have fallen in love with it . It can keep me fit . What 's more , it 's also a good way to relax .
Do you love swimming ? Can you share your swimming experience with me ?
Do you love swimming ? Can you share your swimming experience with me ?

Mobile phone
My mobile phone is docomo foma .
My mobile phone is a DoCoMo foma .
I bought it 3or4 years ago .
I bought it 3 or 4 years ago .
So , I want to change smart phone .
So , I want to change to a smart phone .
Today , I went to docomo shop , and I touched Regza phone .
Today , I went to a DoCoMo shop , _ and I touched / looked at a Regza phone .

A Snow Storm Day , A Lucky Sunday
Yesterday , My family visited the National Museum .
Yesterday my family visited the National Museum .
We knew there are the children 's Museum .
Starting the car , the snow was falling down .
Soon the snow turned into storm
Soon the snow turned into snow storm .
The lane of the road was disappering .
On the ice road , the ABS break system saved us .
When I pushed the break paddel , the car did n't stopped .
When I pushed the break pedal , the car did n't stopp .
I thought that my car would crash .
In that time , the ABS System worked and the car stopped
At the time , the ABS worked and the car stopped
We arrived the museum only to find that the reservation was nessary
We arrived at the museum only to find that a reservation was necessary .
In fact , Reservation is unusual in Korea .
Actually , needing a reservation is unusual in Korea .
So we was able to imagine that .
The sign board showed us
pm 1 : 30 sold out ,
1 : 30 PM sold out ,
pm 3 : 00 sold out ,
3 : 00 PM sold out ,
pm 4 : 30 sold out ,
4 : 30 PM sold out , and
pm 6 : 00 sold out
6 : 00 PM sold out
In front of the sign board , We met a angel .
In front of the sign board , we met a angel .
The angel said us
The angel said us ,
`` I have 4 tickets .
But We have to leave here .
I will give it to you ``
I will give them to you ``
It was a miracle .
We got tickets ! !
Hey , My Child !
Hey , my Child !
Let go to the stone ages ! !
Let visit the Stone Age ! !
Thanks to angel
Thanks to the angel
We spent happy times because of you

A Day Just For Wait
A Day Spent Waiting
Today , I wasted a lot of time just for waiting .
Today , I wasted a lot of time waiting .
Waited my company 's car to help me send shelf to my customer for the whole moring , then waited my customer put the shelf in the supermarket for the whole afternoon .
I waited the entire morning for my company 's car to help me deliver a shelf to my customer and also waited for my customer to put the shelf in the supermarket the whole afternoon .
what a boring day this is !
What a boring day this was !

hello good morning
Hi to all , Good morning . . . ? ?
I hope you have a good day today , , I just woke up this time . . and I am still sleepy hahaha . . .
but I need to wake up now , because the sun is already in a high . . . ? ?
but I need to wake up now , because the sun is already high . . . ? ?
and also its Sunday today , , I need to go to the Church maybe later , , and later too at 3 pm . .
and also its Sunday today , , I need to go to the Church maybe later , , and later too at 3 pm . .
I am going to the B - day Party of my grade school classmates its her daughter 1st b - day , , and also its been a long time since I saw her , . .
I am going to the B - day Party of my grade school classmates its her daughter 1st b - day , , and also its been a long time since I saw her , . .
so later I will tell you what happened . . . ^ _ ^
its 9 : 30 in the morning here , , instead of taking milk and breakfast first , , I opened first my computer hahaha . . .
its 9 : 30 in the morning here , , instead of taking milk and breakfast first , , I opened first my computer hahaha . . . word order
so I need to go now , for a while . .
I am going to make my breakfast I feel a little bit hungry now . . haha ^ _ ^

research essay
Nowadays , there are a lot of teenager 's problems in Hong Kong such as drugs abuse , domestic violence , stressful in school work , nonage sexual behaviour and so on .
Those are serious .
These are serious problems .
In Hong Kong , the government focus on the drugs problem .
In Hong Kong , the government focuses on the drug problem .
Also , Many social workers are concerning about the family and violence problems .
Also , Many social workers are concerned about the family and violence problems .
Schools also change their system to match up teenager 's pressure .
However , it is in lack of taking care of young people sexual behaviour .
However , there are no programs to deal with young people 's sexual behaviour .
So in that case , we want understand more and improve this problem .
As you know young people sexual behaviour is a big mistake and crime .
But why is this issue in recent years will be even more serious ?
But why has this issue in recent years been even more serious ?
The researchers note that `` If women exposed to abuse , domestic violence , and family strife has enduring .
The researchers note that `` If women are exposed to abuse , domestic violence , and family strife , it has enduring effects . ``
It is unfavourable health consequences for women during the adolescent years in childhood are more likely to become pregnant as teenagers , and the risk of becoming pregnant as a teenager increases with the number of adverse childhood experiences .
Low educational expectations have been pinpointed as a risk factor .
Teenagers do not understand difference between love and sex .
Nonage sexual behaviour is illegal .
Also there are many cases which teenagers give up their babies in the street or abortion .
Also there are many cases which teenagers give up their babies in the street or have an abortion .
Abortion also is illegal .
The most important thing , they do not think they are wrong .
The most important thing is , they do not think they are wrong .
Few months ago , a 14 age pregnancy girl .
She write diary and post her pregnant photos on the Internet .
She wrote a diary and posted her pregnancy photos on the Internet .
She was proud of her pregnant .
She was proud of her pregnancy .
We have three kinds of solution to solve teenage pregnancy problem .
We have three kinds of solutions to solve the teenage pregnancy problem .
The first one is government .
The second one is non - government and social workers and the last one is consulting with other countries policies .
The second one is non - government and social workers . The last one is consulting with other countries ' policies .
Firstly , government should support more in sex education .
Firstly , government should invest more in sex education .
Because it is only mainly in secondary schools and too simple .
Also teenagers feel embarrassed to communicate with their teachers and parents .
Also , teenagers feel embarrassed communicating with their teachers and parents .
And their peer group affect them .
Their peer group also affects them .
For example , peer group may give the wrong messages of sex to them .
For example , their peer group may give them the wrong messages regarding & nbsp ; sex .
Teenagers may misunderstand of sex which get the wrong information from peer group .
Teenagers may misunderstand issues regarding sex when they receive incorrect information from their & nbsp ; peer group .
They have curious about sex and try .
They are curious about sex and want to try it .
After the sex education , it reduces the rate of teenage pregnancy .
Sex education reduces the rate of teenage pregnancy .
Teachers can take care of teenagers which teaching them safe sex .
Teachers can take care of teenagers when teaching them safe sex .
Also it can lessen their curious and let them learn the the correct values .
Also , it can reduce their curiosity and let them learn the the correct values .
Moreover , mass media give unsuitable messages to young people , for example , Mother at 14 ( television drama ) , My Guardian Characters ( children 's comic book ) and Juno ( Film ) those are negative message .
Moreover , mass media gives unsuitable messages to young people . For example , Mother at 14 ( television drama ) , My Guardian Characters ( children 's comic book ) , and Juno ( Film ) provide & nbsp ; negative messages .
Young people may try to imitate .
They may think teenage pregnancy is universal phenomenon and western culture or it does not a problem and not special .
They may think teenage pregnancy is a universal phenomenon and part of & nbsp ; Western culture , or that & nbsp ; it is not a problem and not special .
Also it is a trend to follow .
Also , it can be perceived as a trend to follow .
So , Hong Kong government should set up the law such as supervise the mass media .
So , the Hong Kong government should set up the law so & nbsp ; as to supervise the mass media .
On the other hand , government and schools should teach correct social morality to teenage .
And make the parents care about teenagers feeling rather than children 's school work .
After watching the unsuitable messages media , parents should tell the correct information to their children .
Secondly , Mother 's choice is one of the Hong Kong social service can support single girls and women pregnancy . `` Their boyfriends and their family members by means of counselling and other forms of assistance when they are in a difficult and challenging situation .
Mother 's choice aim to make them understand that they have choices and that they are confident they have made the right decision .
Mother 's choice provide hostel service for single girls and women facing crisis pregnancy .
Mother 's choice through community education in the form of school talks , workshops and website deliver sex education knowledge and information to young people , parents and professionals . `` Religious can give some positive message about nonage sexual behaviour to the youth .
They can hold a talk or workshop on the schools and on - line TV on sex education are organized for students , parents , teachers , social workers .
For example , some of the topics covered include dating , relationships , love and sex .
The City of David Cultural Centre , also give the positive message on sexual to children and young people such as silver ring .
It means `` True Love Waits symbol pure love . ``
Thirdly , unwed teenage pregnancies rise to public concern , the Northwest New Territories of the most serious .
Social workers said that these unmarried mothers are from families with children in the face of a lot of pressures , it arranged a `` volunteer mothers `` to help them .
The social workers also should follow the cases .
Social workers can communicate teenagers pregnancy .
Helping them to relieve the pressure .
Finally , the SAR government can follow the policy from Taiwan .
Taiwan government and non - government attack the crime .
Set up the high law to make sure that under age people do not have sex .
If it happens , they will help the youth relieving .
And let them re - integrate into society easily .
Although those solutions are useful and effective , it is not enough , government and those supporters should work together .
We also think making a Jixiang can give the positive message and improve the problem more easily .

Why do I want to study English ?
People often ask me this question .
I work with Japanese company .
I do n't need to use English at daily life .
I do n't need to use English in daily life .
I do n't want to go abroad immediately .
But what 's the matter with that ?
I do n't have strong reason to study English ,
I do n't have a strong reason to study English ,
but I 'd like to study English .
I 'd like to many books from English countries in English .
I 'd like to read many books from English countries in English .
I 'd like to talk with my father 's friends in English without misunderstanding .
Whenever , I 'd like to use English for my work .
Whatever , I 'd like to use English for my work .
( that means I should change my job .
I 'm going to go to California in this July .
I 'm going to California in this July .
I 'm going to go to California this July .
I want to make many friends : )
I also want to make friends with another exchange student and homestay family !
I also want to make friends with other exchange students and the host family !
Acutually , I 'm very nervous but I 'm also looking forward to staying in America .
I 'll try to do my best ! !
I 'll try my best ! !
Thank you for reading : )

thank you e - mail
Thank You E - mail
Thank you e - mail
Hello everyone .
I got job offer this week .
I got a job offer this week .
I got a job offer this week .
A head hunter introduced me this job opportunity .
Other head hunters are sending me that other job opportunity now .
Other head hunters are sending me other job offers now .
Other head hunters are sending meother job opportunities / offers now .
Therefore I want to send thank you e - mail to other head hunters who worked for me .
Therefore I want to send thank you e - mails to the other head hunters who worked for me .
Therefore I want to send thank you e - mails to other head hunters who have been working for me .
Could you check my letter below ?
Thank you .
Hello Mr .
Thank you for your update .
Fortunately I got an offer this week .
I accepted it .
I have accepted it .
I am deeply grateful to you for your cooperation .
I am deeply grateful to you for your cooperation / help / assistance .
Please keep in touch .
Sincerely .
Sincerely ,
Art museum
Today , I went to the art museum in Osaka .
I wanted to go to art museum a long time before .
However , I always do n't have no time to go and take a look .
The museum is having the photo exibition of Moriyama Daido .
I am so excited .
Please correct my bad English ^ ^
Thank you ^ ^ b

Let 's go lunch !
Let 's go to lunch !
Hi , I 'll go to lunch after this .
Hi ! I 'll go to lunch after this .
I 'm thinking that what about eat .
I 'm thinking about what to eat .
Chinese , Italian or India .
Chinese , Italian or Indian food .
I do not eat breakfast are very hungry !
I did not eat breakfast and am very hungry !

Oh my God again !
Now I ' m watching a movie `` American jigoro ( I do n't know how should I spell it ) ``
Right now I 'm watching the movie `` American Gigolo ( I do n't know how should I spell it ) ``
Richard Gia ( I do n't know again how should I spell it ) plays in the movie .
Richard Gere ( I do n't know again how should I spell it ) plays ( stars ) in the movie .
At the movie , he was very young , and so fine , so cute !
In the movie , he was very young and so fine , so cute !
I think he is still cute now , but when he was young , Oh my God !
He is too fine ! ! ! !

The university student is busy ^ ^ ;
The college student is busy ^ ^ ; ( or undergraduate student )
Do you think that the class of university is difficult ?
Do you think that the college class is difficult ?
I majoring in electrical engineering .
I am majoring in electrical engineering .
But it 's tough to keep pace with it for me .
But it 's tough to keep pace with myself .
Is the university in other countries also difficult ?
I was trying to concentrate on the learn for the exam , but the sound of cicadas
I was trying to concentrate on studying for the exam , but the sound of cicadas
was too loud and driving me crazy .
Besides it was really hot today .
Besides , it was really hot today .
So , I decided to go to the library and then I made good progress .
Therefore , I decided to go to the library and then I made a good progress .
I love AC ! !

diary for these days
I am now busy with the computer examination , which will be carried out this Saturday morning .
I am now busy with the computer examination , which will take place this Saturday morning .
I scanned the book this afternoon , and I found that it was so boring and useless to our daily life .
I scanned the book this afternoon , and found that it was boring and not relevant to daily life .
However , as a college school student , I have to accumulate the certificates needed before getting a good job .
However , as a college school student , I have to accumulate the necessary certificates to get a good job .
I have to try my best to pass it , otherwise it will torture the nest semester , at the same time , my plan for study will be influenced .
May God bless me .

Sumo is beautiful
Estonian sumo wrestler Baruto Kaito , 25 ,
Estonian sumo wrestler , Baruto Kaito 25 years old .
referring to his scheduled promotion to ozeki .
His big smile makes me happy !
His big smiley face makes me happy !

the city of China
Today , I give you brief introduction of famouscity - - shenzhen .
SHENZHEN is a coastal city in the southern and an area of 2020 square km , enjoying sub - tropical marine climate and having plenty of rainfall .
It is a charming garden city with picture squescenery and pleasant weather .
It is a charming garden city with picturesque scenery and pleasant weather .
SHENZHEN was setupasthe economic specialzone in 1980 .
SHENZHEN was setup as the economic special zone in 1980 .
It has developed from a small frontier town to amodern city , whose comprehensive economic strength has led the large and middle cities in china .
It has developed from a small frontier town to a modern city , whose comprehensive economic strength has led the large and middle cities in china .
Hi - techindustryi safeature that has constituted the first in creasing section in the economic development of shenzhen .
High - tech industries are feature that have constituted the first increasing section in the economic development of shenzhen .
The tourism of shenzhen develops rapidly .
up to now , well - knowtourist spots have been constructed , such as window of the word , splendid china miniature the mepark , china folk culture villages , 8 golf courses , over 40 bowling hall sandmany recreational facilities and resorts .
In addition , there are about ten historical and cultural relics from the new stone age to ming and qing dynasties as well as modern revolutionary sites in china .
In addition , there are about ten historical and cultural relics from the new stone age to Ming and Qing dynasties as well as modern revolutionary sites in china .
Becoming a tourist attraction in southern china .
china folk culture villages is a showcaseofart , customand architectural styles of different . ' being from life and yet going upon to ahigher plain than life itself , absorbing what is good and rejecting what is bad ' is the guide line for th econstrutionof the park
The china folk culture villages are showcases of the different arts , customs and architectural styles . ' being from life and yet going upon to a higher plain than life itself , absorbing what is good and rejecting what is bad ' is the guideline for the construction of the park

listening to English
It 's the easiest to listen to English in music , especially the Beatles and Tthe Carpenters .
It 's easiest to listen to English in music , especially the Beatles and The Carpenters .
( Some music is impossible to listen , though ) It 's the secound easiest to listen to English on radio .
( Some music is impossible to listen to though ) . It 's second easiest to listen to English on the radio .
To listen to English spoken in movie or drama is the most difficult .
It 's toooooooooooo hard ! !
Sometimes they speak quietly , so I can not hear well !
Sometimes they speak while others are speaking !
Anyway it 's sooo difficult for me !

Listening to J - wave
I often listen to J - wave in my car , a Honda Fit .
I often listen to J - wave in my car ( a Honda Fit ) .
Personalities in the radio programme are very friendly and gentle , which means we may easily listen to the programmes without any offense , but sometimes I do n't like their goody two shoes attitudes .
The radio personalities on the programme are very friendly and polite , which means we can easily listen without getting offended , but sometimes I do n't like their goody two shoes attitudes .
Perhaps I am just a contrary person .

Old Friend
I ran into an old friend today .
At first , I noticed familiar face when I was going to buy underwears at UNIQULO that the largest apparel company in Japan but I did n't have confidence that He was my old friend .
At first , I noticed his familiar face when I was going to buy underwear at UNIQULO , the largest apparel company in Japan , but I was n't confident that he was my old friend .
I noticed his familiar face as I was buying underwear at UNIQULO ( the largest apparel company in Japan ) , but I was n't confident that I could still consider him a friend .
Because I have never met him since junior high school graduation .
Because I have n't met him since my junior high school graduation .
This is because I have n't seen him since my junior high school graduation .

About a week
I did not write dairies for almost a week because I was lazy . ( I am not going to say BUSY ) My previous English tutor told me that never use BUSY as the excuse to postpone something , because no matter how much busy you are , millions people will be busier than you such as presidents , CEOs , Famous and a lot of people .
I did not write dairies for almost a week because I was lazy . ( I am not going to say BUSY ) My previous English tutor told me to never use BUSY as the excuse to postpone something , because no matter how busy you are , millions people will be busier than you such as presidents , CEOs , celebrities and a lot of people .
What did I do these days ?
Let me think . . . .
I went to the Chinese medicine hospital last Thu , helped my Japanese friend to find a sweet room on Fri , set up the internet and went to a darts bar with him on Sat , played the beach vollyball and fooled around with some new friends at a beautiful beach in the north Taiwan on Sunday .
I went to the Chinese medicine hospital last Thu , helped my Japanese friend to find a sweet room on Fri , set up the internet and went to a darts bar with him on Sat , played beach vollyball and fooled around with some new friends at a beautiful beach in the north Taiwan on Sunday .
Well , nothing special about the blue Monday but something just happened on my back , because it started hurting again .
What 's wrong with my body ?
I wanna dance ! ! !
Just let me ~ ~ please ~ ~ ~ !

keep practicing
How do I become better English speaker ?
How do I become abetter English speaker ?
That 's just a matter of keeping practicing .
It 's just a matter of ( keeping ) practice .
I know , I know . . .

Today , I got a dayoff and went to see the circus with my family .
Today , I got a day off and went to see the circus with my family .
It was the first time to see a live circus , because I got invitation
tickets .
The circus havs run every this season in this area
The circus has run every season in this area
from when I was a child .
from ( since ) when I was a child .
I have never seen a live because I could have seen it on TV
I have never seen itlive ( or `` a live performance `` ) because I could have seen ( see ) it on TV
and the admission fee was expensive .
Actually , a live circus was interesting ,
Actually , the live circus was interesting ,
and my little daughter was very excited .
My daughter 's pleasure was the best for me on this show .
My daughter 's pleasure was the best for me from this show .
But if someone ask me to go again , I wo n't go even I pay .
But if someone asks me to go again , I wo n't go even ( if ? ) I pay .

Target446 - 456
Recently I was a bit lazy . . .
Recently I have been a bit lazy . . .
polite : I met with a very polite girl recently .
decent : His father wanted him to get decent education , so his family moved from his country .
decent : His father wanted him to get a decent education , so his family moved from his country .
innocent : He tried to prove his innocence , but no one did n't believe what he said .
innocent : He tried to prove his innocence , but no one believed what he said .
innocent : He tried to prove his innocence , but no one believed what he said .
sesitive : She said her skin is sensitive to every stimuli so she does n't wanna go on a hike .
sensitive : She said her skin is sensitive to every stimuli , so she does n't want to go on a hike .
sesitive : She said her skin is sensitive to every stimuli so she does n't want to go on a hike .
serious : I thought she was joking , but when I looked at her face , it was quite serious so I realized she was saying the truth .
serious : I thought she was joking , but when I looked at her face , it was quite serious so I realized she was telling the truth .
noble : I think every person need something noble in their life .
noble : I think every person needs something noble in their life .
noble : I think every person needs something noble in their life .
brave : My friend said I 'm brave , but I could n't find any brave character in me .
brave : My friend said I 'm brave , but I could n't find any brave qualities in myself .
brave : My friend said I 'm brave , but I could n't find any brave characters in me .
bold : I thought I was bold to ask her such a thing .
sound : Hannah 's lifestyle is quite sound , so she is very healthy .
lazy : I 'm a lazy person .
I wonder if the usage of `` serious `` above is correct .
I wonder if the usage of `` serious `` above is correct . It is ! = )

Thank you
Thank you for always writing comment .
Thank you for always writing comments .
I 'm happy and it is studied .
I 'm happy and study them .
I think that it is difficult to always think as for the English .
I think that it is difficult to always think in English .
I thought that it was necessary to study more .
Because I want to go for studying abroad someday , I do my best .
Because I want to study abroad someday , I 'll do my best .
I read an English book every day .
It is nice , becouse it is studied and the word is learned .
It is nice , because I can study and learn new words .
I enjoy spending life every day .
I enjoy life every day .

This is my first lang - 8 . . .
I started learning english recentry .
I started learning english . recently
English is very difficult to me , but I enjoy to learn that .
English is very difficult to me , but I enjoy learning .
Please teach me english ! : )

tow diary in one day .
Two diaries in one day .
I always wrote diary towice in one day .
I always write a diary twice a day .
because I wrote in korean and in Lang - 8 .
Because I write in Korean and in Lang - 8 .
every day . ! ! !
Every day . ! ! !
well , sometimes I foget to write in korean .
well , sometimes I forget to write in korean .
Well , sometimes I forget to write in Korean .
hehe - _ - ;
Hehe - _ - ;

Early Rising
I have been trying to get up early these days .
In the spring break , I went to bed around 3 a .
During spring break , I would go to bed around 3 a .
m and sleeped till 1 p . m .
m and sleep till 1 p . m .
The new semester will start from next week and some class will begin at 11 a . m .
The new semester will start next week and some of my classes will begin at 11 a . m .
It 's a shame to let them just pass for lazy sleeping .
It 's a shame to let them pass me by because of oversleeping .
So I wake up at 8 a .
So I have been waking up at 8 a .
m lately .
It 's not easy for me to wake up ealry and sometimes I feel an irrestitible urge to sleep in daytime , but still I manage to get out of bed at least 8 a .
It 's not easy for me to wake up early and sometimes I feel an irrestitible urge to sleep during the day , but still I manage to get out of bed by at least 8 a .
m lately .
I have an appointment to meet my boss in the new workplace tomorrow a bit late night .
I have an appointment to meet my boss at my new job tomorrow a bit late at night .
I will fight myself to keep me awake tomorrow ! !
I will fight to keep myself awake tomorrow ! !

I asked my wife to send a package to my mother .
That included electronic dictionary that I borrowed from her long time ago .
The package included an electronic dictionary that I borrowed from her a long time ago .
that included an electronic dictionary that I borrowed from her a long time ago .
I had forgotten to return but she suddenly called me and asked to return .
I had forgotten to return it , but she suddenly called me and asked for it to be returned .
I had forgotten to return it and she suddenly called me and asked me to return it .
So I found in my desk and she sent it with some souvenir .
So I found it in my desk and she sent it with some souvenirs .
So I found it in my desk and she sent it with some souvenirs .
I called my mom and let her know it was sent from my wife this morning .
I called my mom and let her know it was sent by my wife this morning .
I called my mom and let her know it was sent by my wife this morning .
She said thank you .
After I finished my work , I met a friend who is member of same English circle .
After I finished my work , I met a friend who is member of the same English circle .
After I finished my work , I met a friend who is a member of the same English circle as I am .
I borrowed about 10 DVDs from her .
She has a lot of DVDs which was counted over 200 !
She has a lot of DVDs which at last count was over 200 !
She has more than 200 DVDs !
I introduced the Lang - 8 to her .
I introduced her to Lang - 8 .
I introduced Lang - 8 to her .
I said it was good for study .
I said it was good for studying .
I said it was good for studing .
Then we went for drink a little and had a good time to talk .
Then we went for a little drink and had a good time talking .
Then we went for a quick drink and had a good time talking .
She said she wanted to begin studying English radio program .
She said she wanted to begin studying an English radio program .
She said she wanted to begin studying using an English radio program .
So we will study the same program and check what we learn every week .
So we will study the same program and compare what we learnt every week .
That will be a good motivation to learn English .
No sooner did I come back home by bicycle than did the rain fall .
It started raining just as I got home by bicycle .
No sooner did I come back home by bicycle than it started to rain .
Maybe I was lucky today !

Making Tomato spagetti sauce at home
Yesterday I bought a great deal of ripen tomatoes .
Yesterday , I bought a great deal of ripened tomatoes .
So I have decided to make tomato spagetti sauce at home .
First I slightly cut the cross on the surface of the tomatoes , then put them into the bioled water for a brief time , peeled and smashed them .
Now I 'm going to boil them with onions and garlic for a long time

absent - minded
I should or , actually , I have to study hard this week - end , but you know , there 's always some stuff that catch my attention more than studying .
I should or , actually , I have to study hard this week - end , but you know , there 's always some stuff that catches my attention more than studying .
I bet many of you understand what I mean , do n't you ?

What is Happiness ? Part 2
What is Happiness ? Part 2
While I was listening to her story , I was looking at my dinner that already became cold .
While I was listening to her story , I was looking at my dinner that had already became cold .
Both we were n't eating .
Both of us were n't eating .
She sometimes showed me her tears and sighed .
She sometimes expressed her tears and sighed .
Actually I had no idea to encourage her , so I decided to become a good listener .
Actually , I listened to her since I could n't encourage her .
I know that when people ask us to listen to their stories , they just want to tell their stories to their friends who can listen to them well and do n't tell the stories to everybody .
In my case I live in the place where is far from hers , so we do n't have any common friends .
It was better for her to tell her private story .
I could tell her my opinion both sides that is from a daughter 's in low side and my painting friend ' aspect .
However , I listened to her story silently .
However , I listened to her story silently .
All I could do was to grip her hands .
All I could do was to grip her hands .
To tell you to the truth , I really wanted to hug her , but I could n't because I did n't want to surprise her .
To tell you to the truth , I really wanted to hug her , but I could n't because I did n't want to surprise her .
Hugging is n't a part of Japanese culture .
Hugging is n't a part of Japanese culture .
She told me that our happiness ca n't keep forever , but on the other hand , our unhappiness also ca n't keep forever .
That 's life .
That 's life . : (
God sometimes tests us whether we can overcome it or not .
After we conquer the test , we can further improve ourselves .
She also talked about our retribution .
After her daughter in law escaped from her family , she blamed her .
The negative feelings occurred her brother 's death .
She really seemed to regret the behavior .
I do n't know well , but I want to think that if we try to live with positive feelings , good things come to us .
I hope she can conquer her problem and shows me her smiling face as soon as possible .
All I can tell is that everyone ca n't feel the same happiness .
My happiness and your happiness are different .
Her daughter 's in low happiness is also different from hers .
How we should do for all of us to become feel happiness at the same time ?

I like golf .
It becomes cheaper compared with before .
It is cheaper to play now compared with before .
Though the origin of golf is unclear , it seems that shepherds knocked stones into rabbit holes is an established theory .
Though the origins of golf are unclear , it seems that shepherds knocking stones into rabbit holes is an established theory .
If it has been remaining , the cost is nothing , right ?
If it had been kept that way , it would cost nothing , right ?
Congratulations , Ai - chan .
Anyway , I want to see Tiger play golf greatly .
Anyway , I really want to see Tiger play golf .

It is hard rain today .
It is raining hard today .
In Japan , a lot of typhoon come in September .
In Japan , there are a lot of typhoons in September .
I am worried about the way home .
I am worried about getting back home .
Probably the train will stop .
The train will probably have to stop .

About social participation
My interpreter 's class was so tough for me at last lesson .
My interpreter 's class was so tough for me last lesson .
My interpreter class 's last lesson was very tough / difficult for me .
The theme was `` About social participation in Japan . ``
The theme was about social participation in Japan .
The theme was , `` Social Participation in Japan . ``
One of my classmate presented that Japanese nation is straggling and facing low economical also political .
One of my classmates made a presentation about how Japan is struggling and facing tough economic times as well as political issues .
One of my classmates pointed out that Japan is struggling with and facing a poor economy as well as political problems .
For the past twenty years , Especially middle - aged men has much abilities and powerfull .
For the past twenty years , specially middle - aged men in particular have had many abilities and privileges .
For the past twenty years , middle - aged men especially , have had position and power .
They could controled all over the Japan .
They could control all of Japan .
They controlled all of Japan .
However they do n't have enough abilities and display now .
However they do n't have enough abilities and publicity now .
However , they do n't have enough power and visibility now .
So we need get second wind .
So , we need to get a second wind .
In the future more people who are women , non - residence and youth would be participate in any social movements .
In the future more people who are women , non - residence and youth should participate in any social movements .
In the future more people , women , non - residents and the youth , should participate in any social movement .
It 'll be better than now .
It should be better than now .
That theme was felt abstract for me .
That theme felt abstract for me .
That theme felt too abstract to me .
I thought she should have present more detail concrete .
I thought she should have focused more on the concrete details .
I thought she should have presented more concrete details / examples .

Is there A method to language learning ?
During the last years I have been learning a lot about language learning .
Although at the university they seem to care more about language teaching , if you check out the Internet or ask language learners out there you will find out that what really matter is learning .
It 's all about learning and how to do it , how to learn a language .
Once you know how , you just do it , without further questions .
There are many methods , many ways in which one can learn a language .
We are , naturally , always looking for the best method , the fastest way , the easiest patch to mastering English , Japanese , Spanish , whateverish . . .
We are , naturally , always looking for the best method , the fastest way , the easiest path to mastering English , Japanese , Spanish , whateverish . . .
In fact , there are good and bad methods .
Take language schools for instance : Language schools , when combined with poor teachers , can be amazingly awful .
I 'm not saying all schools are bad , but you probably know that guy who spent years and years learning English ( or any other language ) at that school and ended up not being able to maintain a basic conversation or read the newspaper in English .
On the other hand , good methods [ Assimil ? ] when wrongly used can produce poor results .
On the other hand , good methods [ Assimil ? ] when used wrong can produce poor results .
Some methods can be too hardcore for our softcore minds [ AJATT ? ] , although we know the method itself really works , we just ca n't follow / do it .
In the end , what you should know , what you should [ at least you should . . . ] notice by yourself is that there is n't A METHOD for language learning .
In the end , what you should know , what you should [ at least you should . . . ] notice by yourself is that there is n't A SINGLE METHOD for language learning .
Each student have to find his own method , his own way of learning .
Each student has to find his own method , his own way of learning .
Of course this is n't an easy thing to do .
Of course , this is n't an easy thing to do .
I have been studying languages on and off for about 7 years , and still do n't know what kind of study suits me better .
I know some things work and some do n't , but to find out exactly how do it is n't that easy .
I know some things work and some do n't , but to find out exactly how to do it is n't that easy .
All methods have good and bad points , so what you have to do is notice the good points and use it in your way .
All methods have good and bad points , so what you have to do is notice the good points and use them in your own way .
As I said , each one has his own method of learning , so maybe what works for you is n't going to work for me , but you still have to check out , try it out .
Take a look at AJATT , learning about exposure , RSS and 10000 hours of hard - work .
Check out Steve Kaufmann ideas on language learning , try his system `` LingQ `` .
Watch youtubes from professor Argueles and Stu Jay .
Go to a language school near your house .
Write something on Lang - 8 .
Try out Pimsleur , MIchel Thomas , Assimil , etc .
There are many , MANY , methods for language learning .
None of them will ever be THE METHOD .
Lisa can learn 10 languages using only Assimil , Thania can learn the same using AJATT method , and Claudia can learn just going to classes .
Of course I 'm being a bit stagy , but I just want to show that there is n't one method that rules over all others .
Of course I 'm being a bit theatrical , but I just want to show that there is n't one method that rules over all others .
Your method will probably be a combination of many methods .
That 's why you have to try out different approaches , and once you find out your way , sick to it and keep going !
If you work - hard on it , you probably will not only find out what learning methods and strategies suit you better , but you also will start to notice some universal principles about language learning .
If you work hard on it , you probably will not only find out which learning methods and strategies suit you better , but you also will start to notice some universal principles about language learning .
The average language learner , who usually follows just one methods ( like many English teacher here in Brazil who have learned English using the same method for more than 20 years ) , will probably not learn these principles and , therefore , become kind of limited when it comes to how to learn a language .
The average language learner , who usually follows just one methods ( like many English teachers here in Brazil who have taught English using the same method for more than 20 years ) , will probably not learn these principles and , therefore , become kind of limited when it comes to how to learn a language .
The union of knowing the principles of language learning and what study methods and strategies suit you better is certainly the best method ( your best method ! ) .
You just have to find it out !

I went to the swimming pool with my daughter .
We had a very good time playing chasing game in the water .
We had a very good time playing a chasing game in the water .
I 'm very happy to see tat my daughter started to have more confident in the water because she could n't put her face in the water before she goes to swimming lessons .
I 'm very happy to see that my daughter started to have more confidence in the water because she could n't put her face in the water before she went to swimming lessons .
She was even scare of getting a bit of splash on her face when she had a shower .
She was even scared of getting a splash on her face when she had a shower .
Now she can head - stand in the water !
Now she can do a headstand in the water !
As her school will have a swimming lesson starting soon , hopefully she has no problem in the water and can enjoy swimming with others .
As her school will have swimming lessons starting soon , hopefully she will have no problem in the water and can enjoy swimming with others .
I can tell the chlorine in the pool was very strong since even though a bit of splash of the water hurts my eyes quite a bit .
I can tell the chlorine in the pool was very strong since a splash of the water hurt my eyes quite a bit .
In addition to that , I felt really tired after getting out of the water although I had n't swim much .
In addition to that , I felt really tired after getting out of the water although I had n't swum much .
So I will go to bed early tonight .

It has been already December .
It is already December .
Did you enjoy every day ?
Did you enjoy every day so far ?
I enjoy spending time every day .
What will you do Christmas ?
I will go to Shouwakinennkouenn .
Do you know Shouwakinennkouenn ?
The illuminations in this park are wonderful .
If you have a free time , you should go this park .
You go , and there is not the loss .
If you go , you will not regret it .

study more English
Study More English
I want to know English words , and I look words up with dictionary .
I want to know more English words , and I look words up with a dictionary .
I wish I could speak English .
I want to learn English more and more .
I do n't know many English words and grammars and idioms and culture and blur blur , , , , , I had no choice but to study English every day .
I do n't know many English words and grammar and idioms and culture , etc . , , , , , I have no choice but to study English every day .
That 's why I have to go to Canada , I want to go there ! ! !
That 's why I have to go to Canada . I want to go there ! ! !
so I dooooooo n't give up ! ! !
So , I dooooooo n't give up ! ! !
I do n't loose myself !
I do n't lose myself !
I do my best every day .
But I 'm Japanese , so My thinking things are in Japanese x ( I want to think things in English .
But I 'm Japanese , so my thinking of things is in Japanese . x ( I want to think things in English .
Maybe my sentences have many mistakes .
I want to use correct English .
Grammar is difficult for me x ( I want to have confident my English .
Grammar is difficult for me . x ( I want to have confidence in my English .
Grammar is difficult for me x ( I want to have confidents in my English .

I feel fine !
I made a goof yesterday .
I goofed off yesterday .
I stopped by a drugsrore to buy a bath additive and skin lotion , which are my favorite , after work .
And , I also stopped by a superemarket near my house to buy something to get a bite .
And then , I stopped at a supermarket near my house to buy something to eat .
When I went back home , I left things I bought at the drug store over there and forgot about it !
When I came back home , I left the things I bought at the drug store and forgot about it !
I found it 2 hrs later , so I rushed to the supermarket and asked the cashier where it is .
I remembered 2 hrs later , so I rushed to the supermarket and asked the cashier where they were .
Fortunately , He kept them , and I could find them .
Fortunately , he kept them , and I found / took them .
( I said to him , ' I do n't know how I can ever say thank you ! ' )
Anyway , All 's Well That Ends Well .
The One With the Sonogram at the End ( part1 - 2 )
Please explan the following setences .
Please explain the following sentences .
I could not understand them .
well , she has issues .
She did n't leave in such a hurry after all .
Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born .
Ugly Naked Guy got a ThighMaster .
That stomped on your heart in front of your family .
Probably right before she lost it .
( It happened ) right before she lost control of her reactions / emotions .
You do n't get a lot of `` doy `` these days .
How do you fit into this whole thing ?
How are you connected to this situation .
The big one had a thing for you .
The big one found you attractive .
They all had a thing for him !
There are people , like Ross , who need to shoot for the starts .
They get the job done !
When did it get so complicated ?
So what have you been up to ?
We 're kind of a thing now .
And we all know what a challenge that is .
We know how troublesome / difficult it is to do .

How are you ?
me ? not bad .
But I got throat pain .
But I have a sore throat .
I went to Karaoke !
so I got throat pain that I was singing very much .
I wanna try to sing some song .
I wanna try to sing some songs .
Rap , Rock , Punk etc .
Therefore , when I sing a foreign song I 'm always stifled .
Therefore , whenever I sing a foreign song I 'm always stifled .
Plz tell me good singing skills .
Plz teach me good singing skills .
Someday , I 'll be singing and dancing both on stage that looks like MJ . haha = D
Plz tell me your favorite song !
Easy singing is better for me . . = D
+ shino +

In japan there is a full going around .
In Japan there is a flu going around .
In Japan , there is a flu going around .
Or , it might be a all over the world , is n't it ?
Actually , it 's all over the world , is n't it ?
Maybe it 's the same for everywhere else , is n't it ?
and so , I also have gotten it since the other day , in spite of haveing been immunizing !
I also got it the other day , in spite of having been immunized !
and so , I also have gotten it the other day , in spite of me being ! immune .
and so , I also got it the other day , in spite of having immunity to it !
but now , my fever have gone down by a tamiflu , several different types of Chinese medecine , and with my parent 's good nursing .
But now , my fever has gone down with Tamiflu , several different types of Chinese medicine , and with my parent 's good nursing .
But now my fever has gone down through `` tamiflu `` , several different types of Chinese medecine , and my parent 's good nursing .
However ( Fortunately ) , my fever has gone down by taking tamiflu , several different types of Chinese medicine , and with my parent 's good nursing .
Thank you !

I sold a lot of books at Book - Off .
Today , I sold about 200 books at Book - Off .
It priced 6000yen ( $ 73 ) .
It totaled out to 6000yen ( $ 73 ) in sales .
It valued them at 6000yen ( $ 73 ) .
Book - Off is largest franchise of used bookstore in Japan .
Book - Off is the largest franchise of used bookstores in Japan .
Book - Off is the largest franchise of used bookstores in Japan .
To bring 3 carton boxes of books , I rent a car at Kichijoji .
To bring 3 carton boxes of books , I rented a car at Kichijoji .
I 'm a member of car sharing system ' Times plus ' and I can rend a car for short period .
I 'm a member of a car sharing system ' Times plus ' and I can rent a car for short periods .
I 'm a member of the car sharing system ' Times plus ' , and I can rent a car for a short period of time .
The car costs 200yen ( $ 2 . 4 ) per 15minutes .
It 's very good system who do n't want to own a car .
It 's a very good system for those who do n't want to own a car .
It 's very good system for those who do n't want to own a car .

First diary ( ^ - ^ )
Hi , everyone .
Hi , everyone .
I 'd like to introduce myself .
I 'm Japanese and live in Japan .
I try to study English .
I like to travelling , take photo and shopping . ( ^ - ^ )
I like travelling , taking photos and shopping . ( ^ - ^ )
I have to been to Canada , Australia and Thailand .
I have been to Canada , Australia and Thailand .
I hopt to go Eurpe , U .
I hope to go Europe , U .
I hope to go to Europe , America
A . , Egypt and Japan ( ha , ha ) and want to see
, Egypt and Japan ( ha ha ) to see
world heritage .
world heritage sites .
I always make think to important natures value .
I think it 's important to always value nature .
ON natures ON life ( ^ - ^ ) / /
NO natures NO life ( ^ - ^ ) / /
NO NATURE , NO LIFE ( ^ - ^ ) / /

I woke up at 12 : 00 this morning .
I slept in till noon today .
I had a large wash .
So I did the laundry .
And I went to the college .
I talked about study abroad with professor .
I talked about studying abroad with the / my professor .
Now I 'm worried .
Today I listened , a photo exhibition in Ukraine will be held at our university .
I ate out with friend .
I ate out with a friend .
I ate Pizza .
It 's very delicious ! !

My friend changed to a cockroach ! !
A short time ago , my friend changed to a cockroach .
A short time ago , my friend changed into a cockroach .
A short time ago , my friend changed into a cockroach .
I was very surprised .
I 'll write about the story at my bathroom .
I 'll write about the story that happened in my bathroom .
I 'll write about what happened in my bathroom .
It was this afternoon .
I washed oneself with my body sponge , like a panda as the everyday .
I washed oneself with my body sponge , like a panda as they do everyday .
I washed myself with my body sponge , shaped like a panda , as I do every day .
Then , something did happened .
Then , something happened .
Then , something happened .
Suddenly `` the fellow `` was passing me so quickly !
Suddenly `` this fellow `` passed by me quickly !
`` Oh no !
It 's a cockroach ! `` I shouted , and pointed shower at it .
It 's a cockroach ! `` I shouted , and pointed the shower head at it .
It 's a cockroach ! `` I shouted , and pointed the showerhead at it .
After a few minutes , I took back my calm mind .
After a few minutes , I was able to regain my calm .
After a few minutes , I calmed down .
It wo n't move .
It stopped moving .
It was n't moving .
`` What happened ? `` I thought .
I felt relieved .
It was body sponge 's leg ( panda 's ) .
It was the sponge 's ( panda 's ) leg .
I somehow laugh .
I somehow laughed .
I laughed .
I decided to operate it ( decided to weave its leg . )
I decided to operate on it ( decided to weave its leg . )
I decided to operate it ( sew its leg back on . )
After all , it got back its ordinary figure safely .
After that , it was back to normal .
Now , it watch me from the desk .
Now , it watches me from the desk .
Now , it watches me from the desk .
What a fearful story this was ! !
What a fearful story that was ! !
Thank you for reading .
Good night : )

Nice to meet you !
I 'm nickat .
This is the first my diary .
It is difficult for me to speak and write with English .
It is difficult for me to speak and write in English .
So , I decided to join Lang - 8 to improve my English skills ! !
Please feel free to make friends with me !
And let 's tell own language each other ! !
And let 's tell own language to each other ! !
Thank you : )

Nothing and Nothing again
Two days have past .
My thinking was brought to a standstill .
My thinking has come to a standstill .
I have no idea for that .
I have no ideas .
So , it is nothing and nothing again .
So , there is nothing and nothing again .
I am very sad now .
Where does my inspiration go ?
Where did my inspiration go ?
Come back !

traveling with my class
I traved with my class 3 days ago .
I traveled with my class 3 days ago .
Although we were tired but everybody felt pleased .
Although we were tired everybody felt pleased .
We took many photo , about 700 pictures .
We took many photos ; about 700 .
we went to a island , it name is Thung Nai , this is a new tourist spot .
we went to an island , its name is Thung Nai and it is a new tourist spot .
People who live there is friendly , has fresh air , has many fruit trees .
People who live there are friendly , it has fresh air and many fruit trees .
After this journey I understand my friends and love them so much .
After this journey I understand my friends better and love them so much .
I think they feel its , too .
I think they feel the same way .

I had went to indoor climbing
Today 's Yokohama was rainy day thought I had fulfilled my plan in my previous journal .
Today in Yokohama it was rainy , though I had fulfilled my plan in my previous journal .
Heavy feeling of my body was vanished by to exercise indoor climbing .
The heavy feeling of my body was relieved by indoor climbing exercise .
Instead , my palm skin like peel and I can hardly move my tired body .
Afterwards , my palm skin peeled and I could hardly move my tired body .
But I 'll be into good night 's sleep .
But I 'll have a good night 's sleep .
So I 'll must fight feeling that is not go to my office .
I must fight the feeling of not wanting to go to my office .
I guess I 'll be assaulted to muscle ache in the morning tomorrow .
I guess I 'll suffer muscle ache tomorrow morning .

Chestnut Hill
I 've read The Scheme Team that is 5th book of Chestnut Hill Series .
I 've read The Scheme Team , the 5th book in the Chestnut Hill Series .
Chestnut Hill Sreies are written by Lauren Brooke .
The Chestnut Hill Series is written by Lauren Brooke .
She also wrote Heartland Series .
They are my favourite .
This series has four heroines .
They are 7th grader students of a borading school for girls called Chestnut Hill .
They are 7th grader students in a boarding school for girls called Chestnut Hill .
The school has good horse riding programs as well as educational 's .
The school has good horse riding programs as well as educational programs .
They face some dificulties .
They face some difficulties .
But each case , they help each other to overcome those .
But in each case , they help each other to overcome these difficulties .
That 's what 's friends are for .
In this series , the relationship with horses is n't so main topic of the story , comparing with Heartland Series .
In this series , the relationship with horses is n't so much the main topic of the story , compared to the Heartland Series .
Still the devotion to horses of heroines is imporant .
Still the heroines ' devotion to horses is prominent in the story .
I started reading the 6th book of this series today .

Terrible Internship Experience
Last month , I began my internship as a third year undergraduate with one of the most famous English tutorial schools in Thailand .
During my interview , the atmosphere was so stressful and competitive .
The interviewers ask us [ 18 interviewees including me ] to come up with an idea of a new product and the marketing strategy to make it outstanding .
The interviewers asked us [ 18 interviewees including me ] to come up with an idea of a new product and the marketing strategy to make it outstanding .
It was like I was going to be a marketer ! ! ! !
I was really surprised but not nervous because I takes International Business Management at the university .
I was really surprised but not nervous because I take International Business Management at the university .
There had been 2 interviews before I got the internship program .
There had been two interviews before I got the internship program .
Unlike what I expected , I am not here to learn any single skill or talent useful for future career life but to use the skills I already possess .
It is unbelievable that such a famous English tutorial school , with more than 60 branches and 30000 students nationwide , would have only 4 - 5 academic officers to make the course .
Guess what ?
All of them gave me their jobs to complete .
Moreover , the new employees who had just come to work only 2 weeks told me to finish his work of 19 page translation within 2 weeks .
Moreover , one of the new employees who had just come to work only two weeks before told me to finish his work of a 19 page translation within 2 weeks .
And to compose 17 English vocabulary poems for SAT course .
And to compose 17 English vocabulary poems for a SAT course .
I was and still be infuriated with the way they treat internship student .
I was and still am infuriated with the way they treat an internship student .
I got only 100 Baht per day , which is about 3 dollars a day !
I get only 100 Baht per day , which is about 3 dollars a day !
The only thing which holds me here is the extra money that the academic executive told me she would give .
That 's all I have for my entry this week .
Thanks a bunch if you are willing to correct it for me !

Second day since I registered this cite
It 's been two days since I registered at this site
What a great cite !
What a great site !
I wish I could have used it when I was a student .
Anyway , I have a one - year - boy .
Anyway , I have a one - year - old boy .
He ca n't talk at all now , but he always says `` Oh ! `` .
He ca n't talk at all yet , but he always says `` Oh ! `` .
Whenever he finds something ( dog , light , button , etc . . . ) , he says `` Oh ! `` .
Whenever he finds something ( a dog , a light , a button , etc . . . ) , he says `` Oh ! `` .
He discovers something every day like a inventer .
He discovers something every day like an inventor .
I wonder what he will discover tomorrow ?

I woke up late
I woke up few munites ago .
I woke up few minutes ago .
I have a meeting today , so there is a subject that I have to do .
I have a meeting today , so there work that I have to do .
I have to rush .
It 's awfully .
I 'm really late .
I 'm going back to my work now . . . .

A fireworks display !
A Firework Display !
I went to a fireworks display on August 7 .
I went to a fireworkdisplay on August 7 .
It was hold the sea of my hometown .
It was held near the sea at my hometown .
The fireworks was set off ten thousand .
About ten thousand of fireworks were set off .
I went there wearning yukata with my friends .
I went there wearning a yukata with my friends .
There were many stalls .
I ate crepe and fried chicken .
They were both delicious !
Both of them were delicious !
After that , I watch the fireworks .
After that , I watched the fireworks .
It was wonderful and I was excited ! !
They were wonderful and I was excited ! !
I want to go there again next year .

Michael , Michael , Michael !
Have you ever watched the movie `` THIS IS IT `` ?
Have you ever seen the movie `` This is it `` ?
In Japan , the movie got a No . 1 on a weekly movie chart .
In Japan , the movie got to No . 1 on a weekly movie chart .
A lot of my friends have watched `` THIS IS IT `` and all of them has been enthusiastic to Micheal Jackson .
A lot of my friends have seen `` This is it `` and all of them have been enthusiastic about Micheal Jackson .
I 've been also a fanatic to Michael Jackson since I was teenager , but I ca n't go to watch the movie because I have to take care of my two young children with my wife . . .
I 've also been a Michael Jackson fanatic since I was a teenager , but I ca n't go see the movie because I have to take care of my two young children with my wife . . .
sigh . . .
BTW , I can dance choreographs of Micheal Jackson 's promotion videos , such as `` Thriller `` and `` Billie Jean `` , `` Smooth Criminal `` .
BTW , I can do the dances in Micheal Jackson 's music videos , like `` Thriller , `` `` Billie Jean , `` and `` Smooth Criminal `` .
I will teach a choreograph of `` Thriller to my friends , who belongs to a dance club member .
I will teach the dance of `` Thriller `` to my friend who is a dance club member .
Anyway , RIP , great MJ !

Buiding A Model
I was sleepy in the morning .
I lay my body on the bed almost all of the morning .
I thought it was not good for me .
I started building a plastic model .
When I am building a model , I can easily concentrate .
I do n't feel sleepy when I 'm building a model .
I made GM which appears in Japanese animation `` Mobile Suit Gundam . `` I like this robot .
I made a GM , which appears in Japanese animation `` Mobile Suit Gundam . `` I like this robot .
There are various types of GM which attract me .
It is also fun to paint differently from original version .
It is also fun to paint differently from the original version .
I have a GM .
But I want to have 3 GMs .

Submited graduate thesis
Yesterday , I submitted graduate thesis .
Yesterday , I submitted my graduation thesis .
I thought that submitting was equal to the certification of my graduation since my thesis was already checked by my professor .
I thought that submitting it was the same as the certification of my graduation since my thesis was already checked by my professor .
But in fact , I understood that in March I have to take oral examination about my thesis .
But in fact , I understood that in March I have to take an oral examination .
But in fact , I ( now ) understand that in March I have to take an oral examination .
I 'm a little disappointed with this fact .
I 'm a little disappointed with this .
I had planed how I spend my holiday . . .
I had planned how to spend my holiday . . .
The days I have to study will have continue . .
The days I have to study will continue . .

We Japanese respect Korean people !
We Japanese respect Korean people
because you go outside your own country and will survive .
JP is too nervous to survive !
JP are too nervous to survive !
l read magazines about Samsung !
Samsung attracts a lot of excellent people
and let them go abroad one year or so ! !
and let them go abroad for one year or so ! !
I sympathize with the way of thinking ,
I sympathize with that way of thinking ,
especially `` JP desperately been thinking ' Keep the past ' .
JP have to see the future .
I participated a training workshop of sports orthopedic .
I participated ina training workshop for sports orthopedics .
Each doctors spoke about `` knee problems `` .
Each doctor spoke about `` knee problems `` .
The content of the speech was interest to me .
The content of the speeches interested me .
Especially , I was interested the speech of `` movement of anlysis `` .
I was especially interested in the speech about `` movement of analysis `` .

maybe I will catch a cold : (
maybe I caught a cold : (
I 'm feeling not good right now .
I think that maybe I will catch a cold .
I think that maybe I caught a cold .
Usually I 'm the one who always complain about the air - conditioner in my office .
Usually I 'm the one who always complains about the air - conditioner in my office .
I always feel hot and I always shout hot and hot to my colleagues , but now I have to turn off the air - conditioner .
I always feel hot and I always shout `` It 's too hot `` at my colleagues , but now I have to turn off the air - conditioner .
I sit near the window so it 's the hottest place in the room but now although the sky is full of sunshine and all the heat is coming through the window do n't make me feel warmer .
I sit near the window so it 's the hottest place in the room but now although the sky is full of sunshine and all the heat is coming through the window I do n't feel any warmer .
I have to take some medicines first before the real cold catch me ( ^ _ _ ^ )
I have to take some medicine first before a real cold catches me ( ^ _ _ ^ )

This is my first time to write an article using English !
This is my first time writing an article using English !
I 'm a univercity student in Japan !
I 'm a university student in Japan !
I like baking sweets , going on trip , listening to music , and playing instrments .
I like baking sweets , going on trips , listening to music , and playing instruments .
Ican play guitar and piano .
I can play a guitar and a piano .
And I love Japanese cultuer , so I learn Japanese tea ceremony .
And I love Japanese culture so I am learning about the Japanese tea ceremony .
Now I 'm studying English and Chinese .
I want to work in foreign country in the future : )
I want to work in a foreign country in the future : )
Nice to meet you !

my present life
My present life is too busy .
I 'm a student of department of history . however , I must learn more than it . such as international relations , English , Japanese .
I 'm a student of the department of history . However , I must learn more than that . Such as international relations , English , and Japanese .
everyday , I 'm studying the four aspects from 7 : 00 to 22 : 00 .
Everyday , I study those four aspects from 7 : 00 to 22 : 00 .
And I always have no time to do others .
And I always have no time to do any others .
someone tell me I must speak English very well .
someone told me I must speak English very well .
But I just do a little on it ,
I need friend , and need content with persons , however , the people do n't like me , I think so .
I need friend and I need people to be content with me . However , people do n't like me . Atleast this is what I think .
who can help me or tell me what could I do ?
who can help me or tell me what can I do ?
thanks .

My Anxiety
I smelled smoke of a cigarette at the moment opened my son 's room .
He had stayed overnight with his bad friend without
permission .
He had smoked with his friends secretly .
He had secretly smoked with his friends .
His class teacher came to my house .
His teacher came to our house .
He told me what had happened until now .
He told me what had happened .
This is the first time that I have heard their circumstances .
This is the first time that I have heard of their misbehavior .
I was surprised at their news .
I thought that my son wanted to escape from being forced
I thought my son wanted to escape from being forced to study by me .
study by me .
I reflected on myself a lot and I said to him .
I reflected on myself a lot and said to him ,
`` You do not have to study so much , so that you should stay home anyway . ``
`` You do not have to study so much , so you should stay home . ``
But then , he and his bad friends began that they climbed up to his upstairs room , went out of his upstairs room and climbed down to the ground .
I have heard the sound of walking on the roof .
I have heard the sound of them walking on the roof .
One day the voice has been heard out of his room , so I tried to open the door of his room .
One day I heard a voice in his room so I opened the door to his room .
Then , I saw two boys who hid behind the bunk bed .
Then , I saw two boys hiding behind the bunk bed .
I persuaded them about a few things .
I asserted to them about a few things .
You should not stay overnight with each other , should stop
smoking and should study a little more .
I am sorry that you do not keep the promises with me about stopping smoking and studying harder .
I am sorry that you do not keep the promises you made with me about not smoking and studying harder .
How should I do ?
What should I do ?

This is my first try to this site .
This is my first time to use this site .
I am tubasa .
I study English .
So I would like to communicate whoever wants to .
So I would like to communicate with whoever wants to ( speak with me ) .
Please speak to me every time : )

My terrible thing
I tend to belive in ghost because I was born in small town .
I tend to believe in ghosts because I was born in small town .
The population of my twon was low .
The population of my town was low .
My neighbor 's house was old so it is easily broken if the typoon come in our regin .
My neighbor 's house was old so it was easily broken when a typhoon comes to our region .
Before I tried to sleep at nigtht I always went to restroom and I can see their house .
Before I tried to sleep at night , I always went to the restroom where I can see their house .
When I saw their house I got frigthtened because I have a sudden inspiration .
I ca n't do anything because I was kizs .
I could n't do anything because I was a kid .
I called my mom : Hey I found a cockroach so please kill them .
I called my mom : `` Hey , I found a cockroach so please kill them . ``
comon mom !
`` com ' on mom ! ``
`` hurry up ! ``
I often use something like that .
I often used something like that .
Maybe I was thinking that ghost was a cockroach .

My high school ( 4 )
My high school years ( 4 )
During my junior high school , I indulged in video games , billiards , and sword novels , none of which was admitted then .
They thrilled me nearly throughout the school year of Grade Two .
They entertained me nearly through all of grade 2 .
I managed to play hooky to enjoy them .
I also rented a lot of sword novels and read them secretly in class .
Of course , I was worried about that my behavior was found as I was enjoying them .
Of course , I was worried about my behavior when I was found enjoying them .
My grades began to fall sharply .
My behavior was found at last .
They finally found out .
I was suspended to make a self - examination .
I was suspended to make a self - examination . ?
At the same time , there was something wrong with my leg .
So my parents decided to let me leave school for several months .
I returned to school when the new term of Grade Three began .
At beginning , though , I found that I could not catch up with my lessons , for I had missed so many lessons .
At the beginning , though , I found that I could not catch up with my lessons , for I had missed so many lessons .
After long deliberation , I decided to restart my Grade Two .
In this way , it took me four years to finish the three - year junior high school .
Because of this , it took me four years to finish the three - year junior high school .

Changing hospital
For the operation , my mother had to be transferred to another hospital yesterday .
She liked a new hosoital because docter explained her well .
She likes the new hospital because the doctor explains to her well .

READ MANY BOOKS
Recently , I began to read some books in English .
It 's very easy level .
It 's at a very easy level .
For example , `` The Big Bag Mistake `` .
For purpose of improving English skill ,
I heard it 's good to read many books in suitable level .
I heard it 's good to read many books in a suitable level .
Therefore I began this .
First Milestone is one million words to read .
I 'll do my best .
Now , the number of words I read is 2666 words .
Now , the number of words I can read is 2666 words .

iPod nano the 5th generation
5th generation iPod nano
I bought an iPod nano the 5th generation last December .
I bought a 5th generation iPod nano last December .
I usually use Windows .
So it is not easy for me to use Mac style .
So it is not easy for me to use Apple products .
I can import music into iPod nano but ca n't understand the way about any pictures .
I can import music into my iPod nano but ca n't understand the way to import any pictures .
Finally , today , I found out how to import some pictures into iPod nano !
Finally , today , I found out how to import some pictures into it !
I am very happy for doing that .
I am very happy about being able to do that .
I want to make my iPod nano be my best partner as soon as I can !

`` Report Card ``
I had a very busy day today , because I had two classes , checked students ' notebooks , there was a bisiness trip .
I had a very busy day today . I had two classes , checked students ' notebooks and there was a business trip .
I was going to go to conversational English class , but English teacher caught a cold yesterday , so today 's lesson was canceled .
I was going to go to conversational English class , but the English teacher caught a cold yesterday , so today 's lesson was canceled .
I have to make a report card from now on , and I want to get with in it .

El Torito
I went to the Mexican restaurant `` El Torito `` tonight and ate Enchilada , Salsa chips , Ceaser sarada , and ice cream and drunk Margarita which was frozen with salt fringe around the glass .
I went to a Mexican restaurant , `` El Torito `` tonight and ate Enchilada , Salsa chips , Ceaser salad , and ice cream and drank a Margarita which was frozen with a salt fringe around the glass .
I went to the Mexican restaurant `` El Torito `` tonight and ate enchiladas , salsa chips , Caeser salad , and ice cream and a margarita , which was frozen with salt fringe around the glass .
I like Margarita very much , but its alcohol level is kind of high , so I 'm always getting sleepy after drinking .
I like Margaritas very much , but its alcohol level is kind of high , so I 'm always getting sleepy after drinking .
I like margaritas very much , but their alcohol level is kind of high , so I always get sleepy after drinking them .
There are many tv screens hanging on the wall and the tv channel is always sports channel `` ESPN . `` Today 's sports was baseball .
There are many tv screens hanging on the wall and the tv channel is always sports channel `` ESPN . `` Today 's sport was baseball .
There were many tv screens hanging on the wall and the tv channel was always the sports channel `` ESPN . `` Today 's sportwas baseball .
The college basketball season already finished . . . . . the professional basketball season is almost over . . . . . . . .
football season will start on August . . . . .
football season will start in August . . . . .
football season will start in August . . . . .
so now what we can watch is baseball games and hockey games .
so now all that we can watch is baseball games and hockey games .
so now all that we can watch is baseball games and hockey games .

Fireworks in autumn .
Today is the Guy Fawkes Night ( or bonfire night ) in Oxford .
Today is Guy Fawkes Night ( or bonfire night ) in Oxford .
Although it is officially the fifth of November , the event is set to Saturday night this year .
Although it is officially the fifth of November , the event is to be held Saturday night this year .
I can see many fireworks from my window now .
Last year my wife and I went to the bonfire held at the South Park .
Last year my wife and I went to the bonfire held at South Park .
Although it was a chilling night , the large park was full of crowds .
Although it was a cold night , the large park was full of people .
Although it was a cold [ or chilly ] night , the large park was full of crowds .
In front of them was a big wooden monster , probably representing Guy Fawkes himself .
We waited for a long time in the dark to see the monster burning vigorously .
Guy Fawkes tried to blast the Parliament in order to kill King James I of England and VI of Scotland , but failed and arrested on the fifth of November in 1605 .
Guy Fawkes tried to blow up Parliament in order to kill King James I of England and VI of Scotland , but failed and was arrested on the fifth of November in 1605 .
The failed assassination attempt is now called as the gunpowder plot .
The failed assassination attempt is now known as the gunpowder plot .
For some reason , the British have been celebrating this day with bonfire and fireworks for more than 400 years .
For some reason , the British have been celebrating this day with a bonfire and fireworks for more than 400 years .
I 'm not even sure that the British are either in favour of or against Guy Fawkes himself and his plot .
I 'm not even sure that the British are in favour of or are against Guy Fawkes himself and his plot .
In my opinion , most of them may be taking advantage of his failed attempt to enjoy fireworks with a good reason .
In my opinion , most of them may be taking advantage of his failed attempt as a reason / excuse to enjoy fireworks .
For me as a Japanese , fireworks on a cold autumn night are very unusual and even surreal experience , since fireworks are icons of the hottest summer season in Japan , reminding me the humid and hot air , girls wearing yukata ( by the way , girls with yukata look 30 % more attractive and prettier then usual ) , kakigori ( crushed ice with fruit - flavoured syrup ) , and so on .
For me as a Japanese , fireworks on a cold autumn night are very unusual and is quite a surreal experience , since fireworks are icons of the hottest summer season in Japan , reminding me the humidity and hot air , girls wearing yukata ( by the way , girls with yukata look 30 % more attractive and prettier than usual ) , kakigori ( crushed ice with fruit - flavoured syrup ) , and so on .
When a British `` guy `` visits Japan and sees fireworks festivals in summer , what sort of emotions would he register ?
When a British `` guy `` visits Japan and see fireworks festivals in summer , what would he think / how would he feel ?
I am curious .

Drowsiness
I stayed up all night last night , and so I am terribly sleepy today .
I stayed up all night last night , and so I am terribly sleepy today .
I know it to be unwholesome .
However , I do it .
However , I do it anyway .
Because drowsiness harms study , it is necessary to take care .
Because drowsiness harms study , it is necessary to take care .
There is most schools in Japan during summer vacation .
In most schools in Japan there is vacation during summer .
But I must go to school tomorrow .
But I must go to school tomorrow .
Our school becomes a rest at the end of this week .
Our school starts vacation at the end of this week .
I am looking forward to it very much .
I am looking forward to it very much .

Packers vs . Falcons
Packers v . s . Falcons
The one of the division play - offs is `` Packers vs .
One of the division play - offs is `` Packers v . s . Falcons `` .
Falcons ``
The Falcons has beaten the Packers in this season .
The Falcons have beaten the Packers this season .
This clip tells me that the next game is too close to call .
This clip tells me that the next game will be too close to call .

Watchman watches WATCHMEN
I have some interest in the movie `` WATCHMEN `` .
This movie 's origin is graphic novel `` WATCHMEN `` , writed by Alan Moore , illustrated by Dave Gibbons .
This movie 's origin is the graphic novel `` WATCHMEN `` , written by Alan Moore , illustrated by Dave Gibbons .
I have read this book once .
It 's difficult to explain about the detail of this .
There is a quite long story .
Although I acutually had fan .
I can say , `` WATCHMEN `` beat reader 's mind .
I can say , `` WATCHMEN `` challenges the reader 's mind .
What is the evil ?
What is evil ?
What is the justice ?
What is justice ?
What is the humanity ?
What is humanity ?
We can be forgiven to sacrifice someone for save the world ?
We can be allowed to sacrifice someone to save the world ?
The book 's story is really sophisticated .
And there are many attractive characters .
Plese try to read !

Watching the harvest moon
I had no time to write the Lang - 8 .
I 've had no time to write on Lang - 8 .
I write the Lang - 8 for the first time in a month .
I 'm writing on Lang - 8 for the first time in a month .
I went to Shiga prefecture last week , and stayed Biwako Hotel beside the lake .
I went to Shiga prefecture last week , and stayed at Biwako Hotel beside a lake .
At night , I watched the hardvest moon .
At night , I watched the harvest moon .
I complettely forgot about a lot of work .
I completely forgot about a lot of work .

Diary Wednesday
The curtain is open .
In front of the veranda , the standing shelf for reforming the building is shining under the sun .
A worker in blue uniform puts on the white gauze cover and the red helmet .
Then he begins climbing the stair .
Then he begins climbing the stairs .

My name is Hu - soku3 [ m / s ] .
I am a high school student .
Almost everyday , I am studying English .
I study English almost every day .
But , I do n't good at English .
But I 'm not good at English .
So , I want to read and write , speak English .
Therefore , I want to learn to read , write and speak English .
Please help me .
By the way , I have Twitter account .
By the way , I have a Twitter account .
If you do n't mind , Please follow me .
My account : misato _ aranyan

I went out to Yakitori restaurant with my collegue after work last night .
I went out to a Yakitori restaurant with my collegue after work last night .
It was so hot during the day , so I wanted to go to a restaurant in which air conditioner works .
It was so hot during the day , so I wanted to go to a restaurant in which air conditioning works .
When we standed in front of the door of that restaurant , we found the door opened .
When we stood in front of the door of that restaurant , we found the door was open .
I had feeling that what I did n't hope would happen .
I had a feeling that what I did n't hope for would now happen .
Due to hot atmosphere I could drink much beer .
Due to the hot atmosphere I could drink much more beer .
I felt comfortable when wind sometimes blew into the restaurant .
I felt more comfortable as wind sometimes blew into the restaurant .
As you might know , yakitori is popular Japanese food .
As you might know , the Yakitori is a popular Japanese food .
It is made from several bite - sized pieces of chicken meat , or chicken offal , skewered on a bamboo skewer and barbecued .
It is made from several bite - sized pieces of chicken meat , or chicken offal , skewered on a Bamboo skewer and barbecued .
It served with salt or with `` tare `` sauce , which is generally made up of mirin , sake , soy sauce and sugar .
It is served with salt or with `` Tare `` sauce , which is generally made up of mirin , sake , soy sauce and sugar .

Fortune telling
I like fortune telling .
Last day I went to famous fortune teller .
Yesterday I went to a famous fortune teller .
She is is in Harajuku Tokyo and called `` Mother of Harajuku `` .
She is in Harajuku Tokyo and is called `` Mother of Harajuku `` .
I always order about my job , my marriage and my health .
I always inquire about my job , my marriage and my health .
She said that I 'll meet destined woman in next spring ! !
She said that I 'll meet my destined woman next spring ! !
I 'm looking forward to meet her .
I 'm looking forward to meeting her .
Do you believe in fortune telling ?

Live & Hope
Do n't try so hard , the best things come when you least expect them to .

Hi everyone !
I just have a question
I just have a question :
how do you say TO and FROM in japanese ?
How do you say TO and FROM in Japanese
when you write a letter ?
or when you give a gift ?
Or when you give a gift ?
I know that HE means to , for example : Mario he
but from ?
That 's my question : / I hope you can answer soon : (
greetingS !

My first diary
I write a diary on Lang - 8 in English at the first time .
I write in my diary on Lang - 8 in English for the first time .
I am a student of Graduate School in Japan .
However I can not speak English at all .
So , I try to write diaries to learn how to use English .
So , I try to write in my diary to learn how to use English .
I write a diary every day as possible as I can .
I write in my diary every day as much as I can / as much as possible .
Thank you .

Do you like okonomiyaki ?
Today , I went to restaurant to eat okonomiyaki with my friends .
Today , I went to a restaurant to eat okonomiyaki with my friends .
I can have ate as possible as I wanted to eat .
I could eat as much as I wanted .
Gowever , I ate too much , so I have a stomach ?
However , I ate too much and have a sore stomach .
Do you know okonomiyaki ? ?

This is my first diary
I 'm happy to find Lang - 8 .
I think it is very useful for me .
First , let me introduce myself .
I 'm postdoc ( researcher ) and I 'm working at University of Michigan in USA .
I came here 3 years ago .
I 'm studying immune system now .
I 'm studying the immune system now .
I will explain about my research more detail someday .
I will explain about my research in more detail someday .
Anyway , I love US because people are friendly .
So , I want to get permanent position here .
I have just a few friends here .
So , I will be happy if you become my friend .

An examination admission card was sent to me .
It is for a sample test .
I have passed a qualification exam , `` Eiken , Pre - one grade `` a few months ago .
I passed the qualification exam , `` Eiken , Pre - one grade `` a few months ago .
It is an English exam .
The organizers of this exam might want data of successful
applicants , so I think they 're going to held this sample test .
applicants , so I think that is why they 're going to hold this sample test .
I do n't need to pay for this , even better I will get a gift card for giving
data to them .
In these months , I hav n't been a diligent student .
In these months , I have not been a diligent student .
I 've forgotten many words .
Just three weeks are left to memorize words ! !
Do I have to struggle with my wordbook again ?
Is there any shortcuts to memorize words ?
How do you memorize foreign words and spellings ?

Busy ! ! busy !
I 'm always busy these days !
Busy ! ! Busy !
I 'm busy now .
These days I 'm always busy because school has started .
Nowadays , I 'm very busy .
After school start , I do n't have much time to do something I want to do .
Since school started , I do n't have much time to do anything I want to do .
All thing I have is study , study and study .
Unfortunately , the only thing that I have time for is studying , studying , and more studying .
The only thing I do is study , study , and study .
We are crazy now .
We are all going crazy now .
We shouted and laughed .
Our teachers are funny , and I join a modern drama club .
This year my teachers are funny . Also , I have joined a modern drama club .
This year my teachers are funny , and I even joined a modern drama club .
It 's funny and excited .
Drama club is funny and exciting .
In my new life , it 's full of happy and fun .
My new life , is full of happiness and fun times .
Throuth , it is a lot of pressure .
But my life is also full of pressure .
I hope I can get into a good college after three years .
So , I need to study hard now .
So , I need to study hard now .

I like to study economics
Today I 'll talk about economics .
So I think you 'll be bored a little . . lol
I bought some stocks in last Oct .
I bought some stocks last Oct .
Since then , I 've been interested in economics so much .
Since then , I 've been really interested in economics .
The economics in Japan is easy to be affecteed by that of foreign country ( especially US ) .
The economics in Japan is easily affecteed by that of foreign countries ( especially US ) .
Japan 's economy is easily affected by that of foreign countries ( especially US ) .
Of course not only Japan , many countries ' economics is affected by other countries ' it .
Of course not only Japan , many countries ' economics are affected by other countries ' economics .
Of course not only Japan , many countries ' economies are affected by other countries ' .
I feel it 's very interesting !
Now , in my country , many people were fired their jobs , and what is worse , it 's difficult for any people to find new job .
Now , in my country , many people were fired , and what is worse , it 's difficult for anyone to find new job .
Now , in my country , many people were fired from their jobs , and what 's worse is , it 's difficult for anyone to find a new job .
How 's your country ?
There 're many bad news in this way now . . .
There 's alot of bad news like this now . . .
However , do n't you think it 's interesting that the relationship of economics between a country and another country ?
However , do n't you think the relationship of economics between one country and another is interesting ?
However , do n't you think that the economic relationship between one country and another is interesting ?
I think it 's still too early for me to talk about economics in english .
I think it 's still too early for me to talk about economics in English .
I ca n't express what I am thinking . haha

I 'm planning to go to Egypt and Kenya on my honeymoon at the end of this month .
Since I 'd like to know about these places as much as possible , I am reading guide books and checking the internet every dsay .
Since I 'd like to know about these places as much as possible , I am reading guide books and checking the internet every day .
I want to fly there now .

I Have Aware
I Have Become Aware
Recently , I 've aware of it 's not easy to earn money .
Recently , I 've become aware that it 's not easy to earn money .
When I did n't work , I thought 100yen was very cheap .
But now I think 100yen is very expensive .
Because to get 100yen . we have to work a month .
We never earn money at the time of doing .
We never earn money at the time of working .
Maybe there are some works that can get lots of money a day .
Maybe there are some jobs that can get lots of money a day .
But I do n't think they are absolutely good works .
But I do n't think they are absolutely good jobs .
That 's all for today .
Have a noce day ! !
Have a nice day ! !

hello all !
it is a nice weather today !
It is a nice weather today !
I liked such as day .
I like such a day .
I had a only class in management today . it was boring ,
I had only a class on management today . It was boring ,
I am not caring about it !
but I just try to make homework
but I know it time for me to start pushing myself a litte haeder !
it meant that final - exam is coming soon .
It means that the final - exams are coming soon .
maybe I gon na be crazy . . . . .
Maybe I gon na turn crazy . . . . .
but I am not in mood to study . . . . I am lazy . . . . . .
But I am not in the mood to study . . . . I am so lazy . . . . . .
by the way I am about to leave for my home
By the way I am about to leave for home
today my colleage will hold event ! I think it will be fun !
Today my college will hold an event ! I think it will be fun !
this event hold in once a year .
This event is held once a year .
I could meet a lot friends ! I am very excied !
I could meet a lot of friends ! I am very excited !
the story still continune to . . . . . . . .
This story shall continue later . . . . . . . .
please correct my error if you could
take care !

Hamberger
I coocked two hamberger dishes yesterday .
I cooked two hamburger dishes yesterday .
I was going to play tennis the afternoon .
I was going to play tennis in the afternoon .
I already prepared to eat soon after tennis .
I was very hangry and Its tast was better .

08 / 04 / 11 - Twin Talk ? ( with a video )
Please check this out first .
Then , why do n't you move to the next .
The babies have grown up very quickly ?
No way ! !
The babies and these guys are similar in terms of place and costume .
But what makes these two videos totally different .
But what makes these two videos totally different ?
Is it because babies have a particular power or these adults are too wonderful ? ( can you think of a better word to show sarcasm ? ) haha

I WILL BE
When it shines , I will hold your hands and together we will walk along the streets
When the sun shines , I will hold your hand and together we will walk along the streets .
When it rains , I will be your umbrella
When it 's cold , I will be your blanket to keep you warm
and when everything is a mess , I will be your shoulder to lean on .
I will never leave you because I LOVE YOU >

Drunk 's Keys and Street Lamp
Today I 'd like to talk a story about a drunk who lost his keys .
Today I 'd like to tell a story about a drunk who lost his keys .
It 's famous joke , so maybe you have heard .
It 's a famous joke , so you may have heard it
I think it is a simple story but can teach us important lesson about our life .
I think it is a simple story but it teaches us important lesson about our life .
Here 's how it goes .
One night , a man goes out drinking at a local bar .
One night , a man goes out to drink at a local bar .
He 's in a good mood , drinks a lot and gets quite drunk .
After saying goodbye to his friends , he begins walking home , singing happily to himself .
After saying goodbye to his friends , he begins walking home , singing happily
As he nears his apartment , he takes his keys out of his pocket but drops them on the ground in the dark .
As he is getting close to his apartment , he takes his keys out of his pocket but drops them on the ground in the dark .
On realizing his keys are missing , he wanders over to a nearby street lamp and begins looking for them there .
Once he realizes his keys are missing , he wanders around a street lamp and begins looking for them
Ten minutes later , a policeman comes by , sees the man and asks what he 's doing . `` I 'm looking for my keys , `` says the drunk . `` Where did you drop them ? `` asks the policeman . `` Over there on the dark side of the street , `` says the drunk .
The policeman looks puzzled . `` If you dropped your keys over there in the dark , then why are you looking for them here under this street lamp ? `` `` Because , `` says the drunk , `` there 's more light here . ``
I think this story is the same for my learning language .
I had a trouble with my English .
I had a trouble with my English .
I ca n't take conmmunications in English with people well .
Though I learned English for a long time .
Though I have been learning English for a long time .
I knew my problem was that I cound 't catch the means what people said , and my pronunciation was too bad .
I knew my problem was that I cound 't catch the meaning what people had said , and my pronunciation was too bad .
I thought I was like the drunk in this story .
I looked for the key in the wrong place .
I wanted to be able to master English conversation , but I spent my much time studying grammar , even I tried to read newspaper and novels .
I wanted to be able to master English conversation , but I spent most of the time studying grammar and even I tried to read newspaper and novels .
All study is helpful , but it is n't effective .
All study are helpful , but some of them are not effective .
It is important for me to know what I want and focus on that .
It is important for me to know what I want and focus on it .
So I should practice speaking English and master the rule of pronunciation .
I am certain that it will help me to speak English .
Thinking what you want and just focus on those , then you can do better than ever !

Voice and Rhythm
Japanese comedians sometimes parody foreigner 's Japanese speakings .
Japanese comedians sometimes parody the foreigner 's way of speaking Japanese .
The features are omitting particles , wrong accents and intonations and it seems that they can be categorised by nationalities .
The way they do this is by omitting particles , incorrect accent and intonation and it seems that they can be categorised by nationalities .
But this is not just emphases .
I suppose this may be true from my experiences and acutually English children learn nursery rhyme in a language acquisition .
I suppose this may be true from my experiences and acutally English children learn nursery rhymes by language acquisition .
Otherwise , if Japanese learners mimiced their rhythm even if it was strange Japanese , they might obtain a skill to speak naturally .
Otherwise , if Japanese learners mimicked their rhythm , even if it was strange Japanese , they might obtain the skill to speak naturally .
A hint of this idea is from a TV program which introduces Japanese studies .
Junzo Kawada is a researcher in cultural anthropology and he went to Africa to research a tribe that do not have letters .
Junzo Kawada is a researcher in cultural anthropology and he went to Africa to research a tribe whose language does not have letters .
But Kawada said that they have a equivalent of letters and it is drum sounds .
He clamed that they have imagination in their minds and they convey them to the drum .
He claimed that they use their imagination to convey to their drums .
When I listened to this story , I thought this is like typing a keyboard .
When I listened to this story , I thought this is like typing to a keyboard .
And there are acutually some rhythm patterns when I hit the keyboard .
Because there are rhythm patterns when you hit the keyboard .
I moved to a new apartment today .
Its located in ping Chang road .
It takes about a minuet to the station .
It takes about a minute to go the station . ( by foot ? )
I 'm going to commute my office which is in Liu Jia Zui by subway .
I 'm going to commute , by subway , to my office which is in Liu Jia Zui .
I have to transfer to the line two at the Jing An Si .
I have to transfer to `` line two `` at Jing An Si station .
It 's a big station and there are a lot of shops and restaurants around the station .
It 's a big station and there are a lot of shops and restaurants around there .
I 'm at a cafe near my apartment now and writing this diary .

I am drinking coffee everyday .
I drink coffee everyday .
My like coffee is coffee mocha .
My favorite coffee is Coffee Mocha .
This is Chocolate flavored coffee .
This is a chocolate flavored coffee .
But I can not drink black coffee .
Because I feel it very very bitter .
Because it tastes very bitter .
Am I childish ?
What do you like coffee ?
What type of coffee do you like ?

Laptop makes people lazy .
Laptops make people lazy .
Lately , because of blackout my desktop had broken .
so I decided to use laptop .
indeed , I hate to use laptop because it makes me lazy .
I hate to use the laptop because it makes me lazy .
I use laptop on my bed and I surf on internet and finally I watch dramas . . .
I use the laptop on my bed , I surf the internet , and finally I watch dramas . . .
it makes me NO STUDY , NO EXERCISE !
it makes me NOT STUDY , and NOT EXERCISE !
just like now

This is my first time that I write a diary in English here , lang - 8 .
First , Let me introduce myself .
I live in Japan .
And . . . .
What should I tell you ?
um . . . . .
I like watching movies , listning music , and sing a songs .
I have a lot of things to say ( write ) but , I ca n't do it well .
Well . . .
I hope to somebody correct my English !
Thank you for reading my first dairy . : )

I 'm very tired .
I worked till late night .
I worked until late tonight .
I 'm very tired , and very sleepy .
I 'm very tired and ( very ) sleepy .

English sites
What are the most popular english websites ?
What are the most popular English websites ?
Which of them majority of Englishmans / Americans is visiting every day ?
Which of them are the majority of Englishmen / Americans visiting every day ?
I 'd grateful if someone could post some of them here .
The best would be these with interesting contens , news , science , computer science etc .
The best would be those with interesting contents , news , or sites about science , computer science etc .
Thanks !

Nice to meet you !
I am Japanese .
I have been studying English for two years .
I want to improve ability of writting in English .
I want to improve my ability to write in English .
So I registered as member of Lang - 8 today .
Thank you .

uncounted
Today was my wife 's uncounted birthday .
I finished my work little earlier than usual and bought a birthday cake for her on the way back home .
I finished my work a little earlier than usual and bought a birthday cake for her on the way back home .
My family had a small birthday party tonight .
She and they did n't aware of her birthday today .
My kids were so delighted because they could eat cake .
Our oldest son had a headache in a daytime .
Our oldest son had a headache during the daytime .
He took a nap in his room after he came back from junior high .
After his five hours nap , he woke up and felt better .
So he could eat cake and join the party .
We had a very good time .

Today , I read the Magazine about environment .
Today , I read a magazine about environment .
The Magazine is NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC .
The magazine is NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC .
I was impression by the article writed in jet man .
I was impressed by an article written about jet man .
He flied sky by jet engine which made man a bird .
He flew by jet engine , which made the man a bird .
so he called Bird man .
so he was called Bird man .
I think that human dream fling sky , and I envy him .
I think that the human dream is to fly in the sky , and I envy him .
I wish I would fiy sky too someday .

I ate KAKIAGE - UDON at lunch .
I ate KAKIAGE - UDON for lunch .
KAKIAGE is a Japanese deep - fried food , which includes some vegitables such as carrot , onion etc .
KAKIAGE is a Japanese deep - fried food , which includes some vegetables such as carrot , onion etc .
KAKIAGE is a Japanese deep - fried food , which includes some vegetables such as carrots , onions etc .
UDON is a kind of noodles .
UDON is a kind of noodles ,
wheat noodels .
wheat noodles .
Japanese like UDON very much .

It 's a sunny day
It 's a sunny day
It 's a sunny day today .
It 's a sunny day today .
The sun is shining very much .
The sun is shining brightly .
It makes me happy .
It makes me happy .
Yesterday I was not happy .
Yesterday I was not happy .
Because it heavily rained yesterday .
I went to my graduate school by bus .
I went to my graduate school by bus .
In the way to come back my home , it rained more heavily .
On the way back home it was raining even more .
I got on a bus .
I got on the bus .
After I sit a seat in bus , I checked my wallet .
After I sat down , I checked my wallet .
Oh , my god .
Oh my god !
I had a bill of five thousand yen , but I had no change .
I had a bill of five thousand yen , but I did n't have anychange .
The fare of this bus is 220 yen .
The fare of the bus was 220 yen .
In most Japanease bus , we ca n't currency exchange .
On most Japanease buses , you ca n't get change .
I told the driver to give me a coupon tichets , I paied the bill of five thousand yen .
He said he had no changes .
He said he did n't have any change .
I asked him what should I do .
I asked him what should I do .
He said you coud get out by no fare , next time you get in our bus , you should tell the driver this story , and pay this fare .
He said I could go without paying the fare , but next time I get on the bus I you should tell the driver this story , and pay the fare then .
I thanked him , and got out of the bus .
I thanked him , and got off the bus .
In the way to my home from bus stop , I was soaking wet .
On the way home from the bus stop I got soaking wet .

Nice to meet you .
Hi every one , nice to meet you .
Hi everyone , nice to meet you .
I 'm a graduate student in Japan living in Kiryu city , Gunma prefecture , Japan .
Do you know Gunma prefecture or Kiryu city , and where they are ?
I guess only a few people know that where is Kiryu city including Japanese peopleXD .
Because Gunma is not a famous like Tokyo , and Kiryu is a countryside in such a prefecture .
Because Gunma is not a famous like Tokyo , and Kiryu is in that prefecture 's countryside .
When I enrolled at the university and moved to Kiryu city , I was shocked because Kiryu city is surrounded by mountains and there were a few shops where I thought I wanted to go for play or shopping .
But I love this city now .
I 'm going to move to Tokyo this April for my job .
I feel little sad .

A glass of wine . . . . . . . . .
I visited Iringa Town .
I had to charge electricity and internet .
I had to pay for electricity and Internet .
In Tanzania , almost everything is an advance payment system while everything is a later pament in Korea .
In Tanzania , almost everything is an advance payment system while everything is a later payment in Korea .
I use an advance payment electricity which is called LUKU in here .
Here , I use a prepaid electricity system called LUKU .
I have to buy vaucha first if I want to use electricity .
I have to buy voucher first if I want to use electricity .
( I 'm not sure whether voucha is an English word or not . )
( I 'm not sure whether voucha is an English word or not . ) ( voucher is correct )
Almost everything . . .
in case of mobile phone and internet and so on . . . . .
in case of mobile phone and Internet and so on . . . . .
I could n't use an internet during last weekend beause my internet valid period was over on last Friday .
I could n't use internet during last weekend beause my internet valid period was over on last Friday .
I could n't use the Internet last weekend beause my Internet valid period was over last Friday .
I could n't help going to town today .
Thus , I had to go to town today .
I bought some fruit and a bottle of wine on my way town .
I bought some fruit and a bottle of wine on my way to town .
I also bought a wine glass to driking wine .
I also bought a wine glass to drink / for drinking wine .
I drank a glass of wine and I feel so good .
I drank a glass of wine and I felt so good .
I drank a glass of wine and now I feel so good .
I may like an alcohol : - (
I may look like an alcoholic : - (
Maybe I 'm an alcoholic : - (

Swiss roll
Hello friends !
I went to PATISSIER eS KOYAMA with my friend the other day .
PATISSIER eS KOYAMA
The parking lot was full when we arrived , and we had to wait for half an hour .
PATISSIER eS KOYAMA 's Swiss rolls were very good !
If you know another Swiss roll , please tell me it !
Best wishes ,
Yoooosuke

We bought a house ! ! !
I bought a house .
It is used .
My wife and me and our baby live there now .
We have good time there , beucase our house is bigger than our house that we live 1 month ago .
We have a good time there , because our house is bigger than our old house that we lived in a month ago .

Sumo wrestling
Have you ever seen sumo wrestling ?
It is not national sport ,
It is not national a sport ,
but we can watch every program at NHK natinal TV broadcast .
but we can watch every match on NHK national TV broadcast .
In Japan , It is held 6 times per year ,
In Japan , sumo matches are held 6 times per year .
odd number month 's festival is in tokyo ,
The festivals on odd number months are held in tokyo ,
and even one 's are other area , Osaka Naoya and Kyusyu .
and even one 's are in other areas such as Osaka Naoya and Kyusyu .
Since last Sunday , festival began in Osaka .
last Sunday , the festival in Osaka began .
It is called `` Haru - basyo `` , it means spring season .
It is called `` Haru - basyo `` which means spring season .
Now , we see some foreign sumo wrestlers , especially from mongolia .
Recently , we can see foreign sumo wrestlers , especially from mongolia .
In this season , sumo wrestler `` Baruto `` from Estonia keeps winning .
If he wins championshi on this season , he will be selected `` Ozeki `` .
If he wins the championship this season , he will be selected as `` Ozeki `` .
It is the second greatest position .

Canceled going skiing
I had planned to go skiing with my family this weekend .
I had planned to go skiing with my family this weekend ,
But I canceled when we heard this disaster .
but I canceled when we heard about this disaster .
I was n't in a mood to go there and infrastructure was not unstable .
It would have been the first time for my children to go ski .
It would have been the first time for my children to go skiing .
We 'll go there next season .

Practicing 2
Recently I had insomnia .
Recently I 've had insomnia .
I felt very tired .
I 've felt very tired .
What shall I do ?
What should I do ?
What is the best way to prevent insomnia ?
Perhaps , I have to go to see the doctor and do some physical therapy , because my
neck is stiff and back sore too .
neck is stiff and back is sore too .

`` can `` and `` Kin ``
I can cook
I kin cook
What the difference between `` can `` and `` kin `` ?
What is the difference between `` can `` and `` kin `` ?
Thank you .

Today 's work
Today 's Work
I have to make a document by this Friday .
I have to make a document by Friday .
I finished making a document today .
I finished making the document today .
I visited one client to have a meeting with my staff .
Me and my staff visited one client and had a meeting with them .
In this meeting , there was a hard negotiation for us .
In that meeting , there was a hard negotiation between us and the client .
We discussed about how to operate this deal .
We discussed about how to operate this deal .
Finaly we agreed with next discussing points and fixed a next meeting date .
Finally , we set the date of our next meeting and agreed on our next points to discuss .

Pollen is blown everywhere .
Pollen is blowing everywhere .
I ca n't stop sneezing today .
runny nose , sneezing , itchy eyes . . . . .
I love spring .
It become warm and confortable to go outside .
It becomes warm and confortable to go outside .
But . . . . .
Pollen makes me hey sick .
Pollen gives me hayfever .

About a sentence
When I was looking up the word ' agitate ' in dictionary , I found an example which coonfused me .
When I was looking up the word ' agitate ' in dictionary , I found an example which confused me .
The sentence is ' All you need to do is gently agitate the water with a finger or paintbrush . . . ' .
I think the sentence should be ' All you need to do is gently to agitate the water . . . . ' , is it ?
Sorry , I ca n't mark the changed part clearly .
What a poor editor !

A big mosquito have bitten me !
A big mosquito has bitten me !
A big mosquito has bitten me !
There is mosquito in my room .
There 's a mosquito in my room .
There is a mosquito in my room .
There is a mosquito in my room .
It looks like very big .
It looks very big .
It seems very big .
It looks very big .
He already eat my blood during I had take a nap a couple of while .
He already bit me a couple times when I was taking a nap .
He had already eaten my blood while ( OR as ) I was taking a nap for a while .
He has already drank my blood when I took a nap for awhile .
I do n't want live with him all night long . . .
I do n't want him to live all night long . . .
I do n't want to live with him all night long . . .
My friend who Japanese listen carefully thier sound then He can know that they are male or female .
My friend who is Japanese can listen carefully thier sound and then he can tell if they are male or female .
My friend who is Japanese listens carefully to the sound mosquitoes make and then he can recognize whether they are male or female .
My friend who is Japanese can listen carefully to their sounds and can then know whether they are male or female .
I think that if they are male , they do n't want to get my blood .
I think that if they are male , they do n't want ( to bite me / my blood ) .
I think that if they are males , they do n't bite .
I think that if they are male , they do n't want my blood .
I ca n't do that like my friend .
I ca n't do the same as my friend .
I ca n't do what my friend .
But I guess a mosquito which in my room is female .
But I think the mosquito in my room is female .
But I guess the mosquito which is in my room is female .
But I guess the mosquito , which is in my room , is female .
Because they had bitten my body two points .
Because it bit me in two places .
Because it has bitten my body in two places .
I am itching now . . . .
I am itchy now . . . .

I 'm going to go on a diet . . .
On our project meeting , we talk about what each person try next week .
On our project meeting , we talk about what each person trying next week .
Anytihg is OK , job or private thing . . .
One co - worker said `` I 'm going to go on a diet ! `` .
Other co - worker said `` Times two . ( Me , too ) ``
And I said `` Times three . ``

Christmas tree
Today , I watched the TV news that a famous christmas tree in NYC is now decorated .
It was beautiful !
I am not a christian but I love christmas because everybody seems happy during the holiday .
I think people in Japan also like christmas a lot even though they are not christians like me .
I do n't think it is a good thing but many young Japanese people try to spend a christmas day with their boyfriend or girlfriend .
So sometimes they get too busy to find the one before the christmas season .
Anyway , we have a kind of strange custom for christmas .
Anyway , we have kind of a strange custom for christmas .
Eating KFC chiken is one of the example for our unique custom for christmas .
Eating KFC chicken is one of the example for our unique custom for christmas .

Apr19 , 2009
Hello everyone .
I went to my aunt 's house to eat lunch .
My cousin said my diaries always write so short , but I do n't know what can I write in the diary ?
My cousin said my diaries always are so short , but I do n't know what I can write in the diary .
I think it 's hot this weekend .
I guess it 's almost 30 degrees in our country .
Mosquitoes are like this weather .
Mosquitoes like this weather .
They fly in the house when someone opens the door .
They fly into the house when someone opens the door .
I hate them because they always bight me and get me feel each .

in a train
I am in a train on the way to my university .
I am on a train on the way to my university .
All of my classes are cancelled today so I dont have to go , but I have nothing to do in my room .
If I can not find any friends of mine , I will study in the library .
Whenever I 'm in a train , I 'm observing people in there , especially those who are on the opposite sheat I 'm sitting down .
Whenever I 'm on a train , I observe people in there , especially those who are on the opposite seat from where I 'm sitting .
About 10 people can sit down on the sheat , but I can see 5 people at first sight .
About 10 people can sit down on the seat , but I can see 5 people at first sight .
Now , three girls are playing their mobile and two old guys are sleeping .
Now , three girls are playing with their mobiles and two old guys are sleeping .
It is Full House !
Ah , the train arrived at the station , so I have to change the train .
Ah , the train arrived at the station , so I have to change trains .

Lecture on Cost Management
As written on this diary of November 4th , one of our managers lectured on cost management .
As I wrote on this diary on November 4th , one of our managers gave a lecture on cost management .
It was more difficult than I expected .
But I 'll make an effort to understand it because cost management is important for the business .

The measurement of falling birthrate
The measure to deal with the falling birthrate
Japan faces the problem of decreasing in the number of children .
DPJ 's main policy for falling birthrate is giving 26000yen per one child per month to parents .
DPJ 's main policy to combat the falling birthrate is by giving 26000yen per child per month to parents .
I think it 's not enough and not a good policy .
I think that it 's not enough and not a good policy .
I read an economist opinion on paper that said `` Big company should set up a day - care center for children . `` Same paper said the Itochu , a famous trading company , set up the day - care center .
I read an economist opinion in the paper that said `` Big companies should set up day - care centers for children . `` The same paper said that Itochu , a famous trading company , set up a day - care center .
According to this article , the Mitsui Bussan and the Sumitomo Shoji , which are also famous trading companies , already have their day - care center .
According to the article , Mitsui Bussan and Sumitomo Shoji , which are also famous trading companies , already have their day - care centers .
I think the company has its day - care center is very good idea , and very good measurement for falling birthrate .
I think & nbsp ; that companies having their own day - care center is very good idea , and a very good measure to address the falling birthrate .
Most of fathers or mothers should go day - care center on their way to office and they take more time for commuting .
Most of the fathers or mothers would go to day - care centers on their way to the office and they take more time for commuting .
But if their company has day - care center they can go to their office with their children without time consuming .
But if their company has a day - care center they can go to their office with their children without time consuming detours .
If day - care center is near their office , they can easily go there to watch their children life .
If a day - care center is near their office , they can easily go there to watch their child 's life .
So I wish many companies set up their own day - care center near their office and many people can work easily with their children .
So I wish many more companies would set up their own day - care centers near their office and many people can easily have both a career and children .

14 , July Iwaki , Japan
It 's start my diary .
I will start my diary .
I 'm going to write about things that happened today .
Recently , everyday is very hot ! !
Recently , It has been very hot ! !
so , I ca n't sleep well .
I got up at 5am .
then I tried sleep agaain .
then I tried to sleep again .
that was too tired to doin the morning .
It was too tiring to do in the morning .
I 'm working at adomission center of univercity in Japan .
I 'm working at admission center of a university in Japan .
I do n't like office work , but my colleags is very funny .
I do n't like office work , but my colleagues are very funny .
so I can keep working my job .
so I can keep on working there .
my boss gave us ice cream sometimes .
Our boss gives us ice cream sometimes .
but I decided to go abrod or take part in working holiday next year .
but I have decided to go abroad or take part in working holiday next year .
so I have to save my money .
that it , today .
that ` s it for today .
I have to more studying English .
I have to study English more .
bye - bye xxx

A beautiful life ( 1 )
If you go and look at the moon , it seems that it moves with you .
If you go and look at the moon , it appears to move with you .
And , if you 'll look on it carefully , you could notice that it has human 's face , nose , the raised eyebrows , lovely smile . . .
And , if you 'll look at it carefully , you might notice that it has a human 's face : a nose , raised eyebrows , a lovely smile . . .
But this moon can see only that man , who has clear covest .
One dark night , then Ira Dmitrieva was coming home , but this moon 's smile was n't lovely for her .
One dark night , Ira Dmitrieva was coming home , but the moon 's smile was n't lovely for her .
Quite the contrary - the moon `` told `` her very humiliating : `` You 'll se , how you will be met at home .
On the contrary , the moon seemed to tell her : `` You 'll see how you will be met at home .
It 's so late to come there . ``
`` It 's very late . ``
Ira looked on the ground and thought : `` If only my parents were slipping ! ``
Ira looked at the ground and thought : `` If only my parents were sleeping ! ``
She wanted to blame someone , but she knew that she could n't .
She wanted to blame someone , but she knew that she could n't .
`` And what I should say to my parents to be not criticized ? ``
Ira looked fast on the windows , of her flat , on the fifth floor .
Ira looked quickly at the windows of her flat on the fifth floor .
Despite Ira 's hopes there was a light in the windows .
Much to Ira 's dismay , there was a light on inside .
`` So , what I should say ?
`` What should I tell them ?
Maybe the truth ?
To tell the truth is light . . `` - thought Ira .
Ira remembered how sounds the voice of her mum , then she was angry .
Ira remembered how her mom 's voice sounded when she was angry .
Ira was too scared .
Ira was very scared .
She was carefully turning the key in the keyhole , while she was thinking about her answers to the parents asks .
This is one of the chapters of famous Russian book .
I decided to translate it into English .
Wish me luck )
I wait for yours corrections . ) )

About Broken English .
I went to watch a movie called `` Broken English `` alone yesterday .
I watched a movie called , `` Broken English `` alone yesterday .
Yesterday , I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would do .
I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would do .
I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would do .
I got a day off suddenly and I wondered what I would / should do .
Eventually , I watched it , but it was really boring .
Eventually , I watched it but it was really boring .
I almost fell asleep .
It was about a lady who fall in love with a French man .
It was about a lady who falls in love with a French man .
It was about a lady who fell in love with a French man .
I thought he could n't speak English fluently and it was the reason of the title , but he could .
I thought he could n't speak English fluently which was the reason of the title , but he could .
I thought he could n't speak English fluently and it was the reason for the title , but he could .
He did mistake only one word , it was Angry and Hungry .
He only made one mistake , and it was mixing up angry and hungry .
He said he was hungry , but she caught he was angry .
He said he was hungry , but she realized that he was angry .
He said he was hungry , but she thought he said that he was angry .
It was really funny because his English was really fluently .
It was really funny because his English was really fluent .
Anyway , I was a little disappointed in this movie .

Recently , I was in a bad mood , maybe the weather made me dispirited , maybe the friendship beyond all hope ~ ~
I have finished two line drawing ( handmade sketches on paper ) , I intended to color it in class tomorrow , so teacher could correct me simutaneously .
I have finished two line drawing ( handmade sketches on paper ) , I am going to color it in class tomorrow , so teacher could correct me simultaneously .
Then I buy the Marker pen laked , my diehardfollower have eaten Wonton , breading for me .
In a word , I have some gratification for I done these things and my diehardfollower by my side .
It 's my fortune .

An e - mail from mom
Four days ago ,
my mom sent an e - mail to me .
She said in the mail
she thought she probably had a cancer and she had a lump in her right stomach .
My brother , my husband and I worried about her very very much .
Three days ago ,
she went to see a doctor in big hospital .
she went to see a doctor in a big hospital .
And yesterday , came back her result .
And yesterday , she came back with the result .
And yesterday , came back her results .
The result of a blood test and CT scan were all normal .
The result of the blood test and CT scan were all normal .
The results of a blood test and CT scan were all normal .
Actually , she was terrible constipation . . . .
Actually , she had terrible constipation . . . .
What a to - do .
At any time , I 'm glad my mother is fine .

Left - handed person
Yesterday a person that I often meet on the train I catch when I come back home , told me that he is left - handed .
I 've always thought that it 's not a big problem .
As the right - handed people they could do the same things with their left hand .
He told me that he has some problems when he drives because his faster left hand ca n't move as our faster right hand because everything in the world is made for right - handed people .
At first , I thought he was kidding me , because I do n't know him well so I do n't understand when he 's joking or he 's serious .
Because of my doubts I researched something about this topic on internet and I discovered that for some people it 's not easy .
Because of my doubts I researched something about this topic on the internet and I discovered that for some people it 's not easy .
His words aroused my curiosity !
Maybe I could try to be a left - handed person for one day . . .
but I think this test will last five minutes !
but I think this test would last five minutes !

Champions League 3 : quarter final
The champions league 's 2nd legs of the quarter finals were held yesterday and today .
The champions league 's 2nd leg of the quarter finals were held yesterday and today .
Today 's games have just ended a few hours ago .
All four teams that I wanted to win went to the semifinals .
I 'm very excited about that .
The champions league is so exciting that I often get goose pumps .
In quarter finals , Raul who belongs to Schalke got the goals in the 1st leg and the 2nd leg , which gave me goose pumps .
In the quarter finals , Raul , who belongs to Schalke , got the goals in the 1st leg and the 2nd leg , which gave me goose pumps .
The goals were so great .
I really expect wonderful games in the semifinals .

Nice to meet you
Nice to meet you
I start lang - 8 today .
I start ( started ) lang - 8 today .
My English is not good .
I want to be a good English speaker .
I study English little by little .
That is it for today .
Realizing
I 've been thinking why I want to study English .
I 've been thinking about why I want to study English .
Then tonight I got a part of answer .
And tonight I got a part of the answer .
I will arrange it in English then write down here as soon as possible .
I have a feeling that it is different from everybody .
I have a feeling that it is different from everybody else 's ( reason ) .
But everybody has a something reason why they want to study second launguage .
But everybody has a reason why they want to study second launguage .
Everybody has different reasons , I think .
I feel happy now for getting my answer .
I want to study hard for explaining my answer .
I want to study hard so I can explain my answer .

Back To The Future Part I
Back To The Future Part I
When I was a child I first watched this movie .
I was a child when I first watched this movie .
I was a child when I first watched this movie .
It was amazing , the story line in paticular .
It was amazing , the story line in particular .
In the last scene of this movie , Doc dropped an important cable on the roof of the school many times .
In the last scene of this movie , Doc dropped an important cable from the roof of the school many times .
It made me irritated in front of the TV .
I alsomost destroyed the TV in anger .
I almost destroyed the TV in anger .
I almost destroyed the TV in anger .
I can imagine , after this movie released , many Amrican kids played with skateboards on the road .
I can imagine , after this movie released , many American kids played with skateboards on the road .
I can imagine , after this movie released , many American kids played with skateboards on the road .

Best ways to learn Korean
I used to write about the best ways to learn English .
I think the best ways to learn Korean is same as English .
I think the best ways to learn Korean are the same as English .
Here are best ways ,
Listening
In order to learn Korean language , you must listen a lot .
The best way for listening is watching Korean dramas or movies .
The best way to practice listening is watching Korean dramas or movies .
You must watch them without subtitles .
You may watch them with subtitles for the first time to understand the story .
However , you must watch them again without subtitles .
It is very hard to concentrate on listening with subtitles .
You must read Korean books .
If you do n't have one , let me know .
I will give to you .
I will give you one .
Read aloud even though you do n't understand meanings .
Read out loud even though you do n't understand the meanings .
Every day , read aloud Korean books , you will master it .
Every day , read Korean books out loud , you will eventually master it .
Try to speak Korean to your friends .
You need practice .
If you do n't have a friend to talk , you can talk to me through skype .
If you do n't have a friend to talk to , you can talk to me through skype .
Maybe , you can speak Korean to your family , even though they do n't understand it .
Maybe , you can speak in Korean to your family , even though they do n't understand it .
It is a good practice .
It is good practice .
I think it is the hardest one .
I think this is the hardest one .
The best way is write somethings in this website and ask native Koreans to correct them .
The best way is to write some things on this website and ask native Koreans to correct them .
I am not a person who is gifted in languages .
I , actually , hated to study English when I was in high school .
I , actually , hated studying English when I was in high school .
But , I do my best to improve my English every day .
You should do same thing to improve your Korean .
Do your BEST .

Annirersary Celebration Of My College
My College 's Anniversary Celebrations
April 18th , it 's a special day .
April 18th is a special day .
It 's an Annirersary Celebration of my college .
It just be tomorrow and will be bustling with noise and excitement I think .
It 's just one day away , and the college will be bustling with noise and excitement , I think .
I will be busy to receive our alumnus in that day , because many alumnus will come to my school with excitement .
I will be busy receiving former students [ 1 ] on that day , because many of them are looking forwad to revisiting their old college . [ 2 ]
Some of them have been great success in society , so they want to see their Alma Mater 's development in recent years .
Some of them have achieved great success in society , so they want to see how their former university [ 1 ] has developed in recent years .
My school has come through 50 years ' splendid history .
My college has had a splendid 50 - year history .
And I anttend it in 2007 , it has developed great .
Since I entered it in 2007 , it has developed greatly .
It 's full name is Jiangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine .
Its full name is Jiangxi University of Traditional Chinese Medicine .
Do you ever gratuate from university ?
Have you ever graduated from university ?
Just tell me something of your school .
Tell me something about your college . [ 2 ]

Drank with my Co - works
Drank with my Co - workers .
Yesterday , I went to drink with my co - works in a IZAKAYA .
Yesterday , I went to drink with my co - workers in an IZAKAYA .
I drank three glasses of beer .
I came home at midnight .

Lots of work
I went to my office today .
It 's the first day after my vacation .
Without saying that , there were lots of work to do .
I spent few hours reading e - mails .
I spent a few hours reading e - mails .
I could n't finish all of my work today , but I can take another vacation from this weekend .
I could n't finish all of my work today , but I can take another vacation for this weekend .
It makes me happy and eager to do my work .
I 'm looking forward to get the vacation .
I 'm looking forward to getting the vacation .

What the heck is `` Business English ? ``
I need the certain amount of salary to support my family , however my salary is not good .
I need a certain amount of salary to support my family , however my current salary is not good .
So yestarday , I saw some job huntting websites .
So yesterday , I looked at some job hunting websites .
Do n't tell me `` Why did not you wait for your marriage until you get a high standard job ? `` At that time I was very desperate to settle down in Singapore .
Do n't ask me `` Why did n't you wait to get married until you had a high paying job ? `` At that time I was very desperate to settle down in Singapore .
Anyway it 's time to change my job , or someday I will get dumped by my wife .
I read some job offers for Japanese on the internet , but most of them require me to speak `` business English . `` But what is the business English ?
When I worked in Japan , sometimes I met Chinese and British workers .
Of course they spoke conversational Japanese , but none of them could speak Japanese perfectly .
Needless to say , speaking foreign language like a native speaker is almost impossible for everybody except for native bilinguals .
Needless to say , speaking a foreign language like a native speaker is almost impossible for everyone except native bilinguals .
But for me , `` business English `` sounds like . . . `` almost perfect English . `` As far as I can see , there are not such super Japanese workers .
But for me , `` business English `` sounds like . . . `` almost perfect English . `` As far as I can see , Such super Japanese workers do n't exist .
Are there many Japanese people who can speak English like native speakers somewhere in Singapore where I do n't know yet ?
Are there many Japanese people who can speak English like native speakers somewhere in Singapore somewhere that I do n't know yet ?
I was also told that no Japanese can use English articles and the plural rule properly .
So it means no Japanese can speak `` business English `` right ?
What the hell business English is it ?
What the heck is business English ?

I am a rookie - -
Last night my friend tole me Lang - 8 , and I think it is very good for studay english . .
Last night my friend told me about Lang - 8 , and I think it is very good for studying English . .
I wish to make firends with you guys . . .
I wish to make friends with you guys . . .
My first Lang - 8
Today is a beautiful sunny day and Saturday !
Today is a beautiful and sunny Saturday !
I usually spend weekends to go shopping or do excacise or just relax .
I usually spend my weekends going shopping or doing exercises or just relaxing .
I usually spend weekends going shopping or exercising or just relaxing .
So , I like weekends very much !
What am I going to do today ?
First , I decided to write my first diary for Lang - 8 .
I always think that to keep a diary in English is a good way to plactice my English skills .
I always think that keeping an English diary is a good way to practice my English skills .
But , unfortunatly , I quit in a way to do it .
But , unfortunately , I somehow did n't do it .
But , unfortunately , I always quit doing it .
It is because there was no one to check my writing , I suppose !
Therefore , I chose to join in this Lang - 8 !
Therefore , I chose to join Lang - 8 !
It has passed for 1 year since I came the U . S .
It has been 1 year since I came to the U . S .
But my English was not improve , one thing that I felt is I am not afraid of English any more even thought I could not what people said .
But even though my English h [ / BLUE ] as not improved , one thing that I have felt is that I am not afraid of using English any more , even though I could not understand what people said .
In other words , I do not care about the surrouding people .
In other words , I do not care about the people around me .
I do n't know it is good or bad .
I do n't know if it is good or bad .
I do n't know if that is good or bad .
I have still been eager that I wish I could use English like as native .
I am still eagerly wishing that I could use English like a native .
Second , I am going to go shopping .
Second , I am going shopping .
I hope I have a good weekend , and also all of you have that too !
I hope I will have a good weekend , and so will all of you !

Good afternoon !
It is hot today .
I recently borrowed a novel in English .
The title is `` THE Moonstone `` .
At first , when I did n't understand meanings of new words , I loodked up the words in the dictionary .
At first , when I did n't understand the meanings of new words , I looked them up in the dictionary .
But , at that way , I did n't read quickly .
But , by doing that , I did n't read quickly .
( If the book belong to me , I read by that way .
( If the book belonged to me , I read it that way .
) So I read it without consulting the meanings .
I understand a content until now and will finish reading by Jun . 21 .
I understand the content up to now and will finish reading by Jun . 21 .
Now I will eat lunch .
Thank you for watching .
Thank you for reading .

Hello everyone
Hello my name is `` pobiron `` , I 'm a university student in Japan .
Hello my name is `` Pobiron `` , I 'm a university student in Japan .
I study Environmental Economics .
My hobbies are basketball and Japanese Manga .
I study English for studying abroad someday .
In the feature I would like to use English in my work .
In the future I would like to use English in my work .
My friend told me this web site .
My friend told me about this web site .
I want to speak and write English well !
If there are any mistakes , please correct !
And if you know good place for my study abroad , please tell me : D
And if you know a good place for my study abroad , please tell me : D

Studying / working abroad
This is my first diary on lang - 8 .
Today , one of my best friends left for Germany as an exchange student .
He went to Germany to study German language and its cultures .
I will go to the graduate school next year .
I will go to graduate school next year .
In Japan , most graduate students start looking for a job in their first year ( except for those who go to doctor course ) .
In Japan , most graduate students start looking for a job in their first year ( except for those who go for a doctorate ) .
I 'd like to experience working in overseas countries before looking for a job .
I 'd like to experience working overseas before looking for a more permanent job .
So , I 'm thinking about taking a year off and joining internship program in European countries .
So I 'll think about taking a year off to join an internship program in Europe .
I 'll have to think about what kind of company would be best for me .

Bee is good .
I wrote that I often licks my lip before .
I wrote that I often licked my lips before .
When I had said it , my friend gave me a lip cream .
It was Burt 's Bees of an American souvenir .
It 's called ' Burt 's Bees ' . It was bought as a souvenir from America .
I feel my lip is enriched .
My lips now feel enriched : )

Today I got back to my home where my parent lives !
I 've not been for a half of year .
I 've not been there for half a year .
My Elementary school has become a new park and car parking . . .
I got slightly sad to see it , across a new silver wire mesh .
But I really enjoyed my home .

She is an amazing woman !
It is generally accepthed that our country it is called Japan has been influenced by many great persons across the country .
It is generally accepted that our country called Japan has been influenced by many great people across the country .
I think one woman singer is the latest great person who produces powerful effect on Japan .
I think one female singer is the latest great person who produces a powerful effect on Japan .
She is LADY GAGA .
I would like to write about her impact in this esssay .
I would like to write about her impact in this essay .
FIrstly , she gave strong impression in Japanesemusic world .
it is clear her songs are unique .
For example , she often sings her name in her songs .
For example , she often sings her own name in her songs .
Not only songs but also fashion style is so unique .
Not only are her songs unique , but her fashion sense is as well .
FOr example , she change her hair colour into strange colours ; white , yellow and green .
For example , she dyes her hair into strange colours ; white , yellow and green .
Her costumes also sexy and unusual .
Her costumes are also sexy and unusual .
Recently , she wore balck onion costume when she appeared on `` Room of the Tetsuko `` which is japanese famous TV program because Tetsuko 's hair style looks like onion .
Recently , she wore a black onion costume when she appeared on `` Room of the Tetsuko `` which is Japanese famous TV program , because Tetsuko 's hair style looks like an onion .
Firthermore , LADY GAGA gave tetsuko candy that she took out it from her spiral hair .
Furthermore , LADY GAGA gave Tetsuko candy that she took out of her spiral hair .
Many japanese people were so surprised .
Many Japanese people were so surprised .

Baseball game
I went to baseball game .
I went to a baseball game .
Hanshin Tigers vs Hiroshima Carp .
I am Hanshin Tigers side .
I am a Hanshin Tigers fan .
And I saw someone were using Japanese flags on the bleachers .
I saw someone waving Japanese flags on the bleachers .
Nothing problem , but it does n't fit with baseball game .
Not a problem , but it does n't fit with a baseball game .
Normally they use Hanshin Tigers flag .
Normally they use Hanshin Tiger 's flags .
I looked at them again carefully .
Then I could see they were foreigner .
Then I could see they were a foreigner .
And then I can understand .
Then I understood .
They looks very enjoy .
It is the most important !
That is what 's most important !
( Hanshin Tigers was a winner tonight ! !
Whoo hoow ! ! )

New Year 's party
I joined my workplace 's New Year 's party today .
Everyone published each their hopes in this year .
In Japan , that call new year 's `` HOUFU `` .
In Japanese , New year 's resolution is called `` HOUFU `` .
Most of `` HOUFU `` is about their works .
Most of their `` HOUFU `` is about their work .
At Japanese workplace 's party , almost people talk about work .
At Japanese workplace 's parties , almost everyone talks about work .
I tired that topics .
I 'm tired of that topic .
I knew to increase the topic of work , then I do n't go to afterparty .

hmm . English is easy , but peoples are regard as stiff .
hmm . English is easy , but people regard it as difficult .
why are peoples think english very difficult ?
Why do people think English is very difficult ?
Why do people think English is very difficult ?
actually , english is very simple , smart .
Actually , English is very simple .
Actually , English is very simple , .
who do make english difficult ?
Who makes English difficult ?
Who makes English difficult ?
english teacher !
English teachers !
English teachers !
they are saying that english is hard to you .
They are saying that English is hard for you .
so you needs help such as friend , teacher , and so on .
So you need help , such as a friend , teacher , and so on .
this is a lie .
This is a lie .
This is a lie .

When I 'm depressed
When I 'm depressed , I feel everything will be bad way .
When I 'm depressed , I feel everything will turn in a bad way .
I ca n't connect with my boyfriend , because he is at the party and hook up the girl .
I ca n't connect with my boyfriend , because he is at the party hooking up with some girls .
One of my friends hav n't replied my e - mail because she got in trouble or she does n't wanna talk with me .
One of my friends have n't replied to my e - mail because she got in trouble or she does n't wanna talk with me .
I dreamed somebody of my family die and wake up as I 'm crying .
I dreamed somebody in my family will die and wake up crying .
I do n't wanna do anything even I got 3 dayoff .
Actually nothing happend bad things .
Actually nothings . bad has happened .
I guess .
How can I wake up from here ?
How can I wake up from this nightmare here ?

Today I gave a presentation .
Today , I gave a presentation .
4
Reagarding long introduction , I could speak well and confidently .
I spoke well and confidently .
Regarding the long introduction , I spoke well and confidently ( or with confidence ) .
Regarding the long introduction , I could speak well and confidently .
When giving a long introduction , I can speak well and with confidence .
In addition , I did n't get nervous at all .
I did n't get nervous at all .
4
However , I failed to illustrate next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
However , I failed to illustrate the next subject .
Anyway I finished it thanks to friends and our teacher .
I finished the presentation thanks to friends and our teacher .
Anyway , I finished it thanks to friends and our teacher . ( or my teacher )
4
I felt I needed to make lots of effort to improve my English hereafter .
I felt I needed to make lots of effort to improve my English .
I feel I need to make a lot of effort to improve my English hereafter .
I felt that I needed to make lots of effort to improve my English thereafter . ( or afterwards ) .
I feel I needto make more of an effort to improve my English hereafter .
Someday I want to give a good presentation like other students .
Someday I want to give a good presentation like the other students .
Someday , I want to give a good presentation like other students .
After the lesson , I went to library to return a DVD .
After the lesson , I went to the library to return a DVD .
After the lesson , I went to the library to return a DVD .
After the lesson , I went to the library to return a DVD .
Then , I went to aggency to upgrade my drive licence , but it turned out It seems to me that I wo n't upgrade it .
Then , I went to the agency to upgrade my driver 's license , but it turned out I was not able to upgrade it .
Then , I went to the agency to upgrade my drivers licence , but it turned out that I wo n't ( be able to ) upgrade it .
Then , I went to upgrade my driver 's license but it turns out I ca n't upgrade it .
I need to submit a certification , but it seems like I ca n't get it , As long as I send Japanese embassy for it , I ca n't get it .
I need to submit a certification , but until I contact the Japanese embassy for it , I ca n't get a new license .
4
After that I went to a bank to hear someinformation to open bank account .
After that I went to a bank to get some information about how to open a bank account .
After that I went to a bank to get some information on opening a bank account .
After that , I went to a bank to get information about opening a bank account .
After that I went to a bank to open a checkings / savings account .
On the way to home , I dropped by an appliance store in Southgate and I bought a portable radio .
On the way home , I dropped by an appliance store in Southgate and bought a portable radio .
4
John , kind clerk , recommend a good one .
John , a kind clerk , recommended a good one .
John , a kind clerk , recommended a good one .
John , the kind clerk , recommend a good one .
A kind clerk named John recommended a good one .
Belive it or not , it works with solar power and it also has the dynamo crank .
He showed me one that works with solar power and also has a dynamo crank .
Believe it or not , it works with solar power and it also has a dynamo crank .
Believe it or not , it works with solar power , and it also has a dynamo crank .
Of course I got it .
Of course I got that one .
After that I went to a bicycle shop and they only handle special type bicycle .
After that I went to a bicycle shop and they only handle special types of bicycles .
After that I went to a bicycle shop , but they only handle a special type of bicycle .
After that , I went to a bicycle shop but they only handle a special type of bicycle .
It turned out I went in vain .
So I went there for nothing .
Anyway finishing the presentation was a big load off my mind .
Finishing the presentation was a big load off my mind .
Anyway , finishing the presentation was a big load off my mind .
Anyway , finishing my presentation took a big load off my mind .
Oops , I forgot that I would take a final examination tomorrow .
Now I can get ready for my final examination tomorrow .
Oops , I forgot that I take a final examination tomorrow .
Oops , I forgot that I will take a final examination tomorrow .

A question
I was watching the big bang theory and characters were using the phrase `` bite me `` and I am wondering what that means ?
I was watching the big bang theory and characters were using the phrase `` bite me `` and I was wondering what that means ?
I was watching the big bang theory and characters were using the phrase `` bite me `` and I am wondering what that means ?
by the way this sheldon guy is very funny and whole show is fantastic .
By the way , this sheldon guy is very funny and the whole show is fantastic .

Hello everyone .
Cherry blossoms bloomed in my town .
The road in front of my house has cherry trees street .
The road in front of my house has cherry trees along the street .
The road in front of my house has cherry trees along the street .
Only one tree blossom .
Only one tree blossom is visible .
Only one tree ( has ) blossomed .
I hope onther cherry blossom early , we are happy .
I hope another cherry blossom will show early . We would be happy .
I hope the other cherry trees would blossom early ; we would be happy .
I look forward to .
I look forward to it .
I look forward to it .
Thank you .

what is good choice for me ?
What would be a good choice for me ?
I have a dream to work abroad .
so I have to good at speaking english ,
so I have to become better at speaking english ,
but I 'm not good at english
so I had decided to go canada and already got a working holiday visa .
so I decided to go canada and already got a working holiday visa .
after 5 month I 'll go there .
after 5 months I 'll go there .
now I feel too worried .
I did n't decide anything .
I have n't decided anything .
the place I 'll go , how to use well my working holiday visa . . .
the place I 'll go , how to use my working holiday visa well . . .
at first got a working visa I had decided to learn english in languge school .
I got a working holiday visa so that I could learn English at a language school .
after then , I thought I 'll get a certification about marketing or business in the school , and get a internship with the certification .
After that , I thought I 'd get a Marketing or Business certification , and use it to get an internship .
but the prices to learn , pick up me etc . .
are too expensive to enroll .
are too high .
I do n't have enough money and if I learn in there I have to spend almost period for learnig .
( I need money for a living in canada . )
I need money to live .
also today I heard of the programs .
tell too far there are nothing to get good internship .
So far , there 's nothing that can get me a good internship .
however if I 'll go canada without a place related to one .
what can I do with scandy english ?
What can I do with bad English ?
I must be able to work kind of dishes wash , gosh !
I would have to work as a dishwasher or something like that , gosh !
I never want wrong choice .
I do n't want to make the wrong choice .
I think it is my last chance in my life to come true my dream .
I think it is my last chance in my life for my dream to come true .
what is best choice ? . . . . . .
who can help me ? . . .

Holidays Ended
I had really good time during the year - end and New Year Day .
I had really good time on New Year 's Eve and New Year 's Day .
These holidays make me relax .
However , I have to start my activities from tomorrow .
However , I have to start my activities tomorrow .
I have a lot of job interviews in this month .
I have a lot of job interviews this month .
Therefore , I 'll go to Tokyo tonight by overnight bus , and I 'll stay there for about ten days .
It must be tough , but I 'll enjoy it .
It 'll be tough , but I 'll enjoy it .
I hope I 'll be able to get a good job .

How to be used to do routine works .
How to be used to doing routine work .
I may be lazy , because I have never planned the schedule .
I may be lazy , because I have never planned my schedule .
I may be lazy , because , I have never planned a schedule .
I thought making schedule was boring .
I 've always thought that making a schedule was boring .
But situation changes me , recently I must thinking about future .
But the situation has changed , recently I 'm thinking about my future .

I went soccer game today .
I went to a soccer game today .
We did in a school .
We played at a school .
First games opponent team is TSK blue .
Result is three to two .
The result was three to two .
We lost .
But I got one goal .
Next games opponent is Senri higiri .
The next game 's opponent was Senri Higiri .
Result is six to zero .
The result was six to zero .
Im not got goal is pity .
It was very exciting .

a nice long week
This week was filled with a lot of things .
First , last Wednesday I did an exam at the university .
First , last Wednesday I took an exam at the university .
But the context was the one of a movie .
All that day was raining .
All day it was raining .
I went to the workplace ( office ) with the company of a soft water falling from a silver cloud .
At lunch , a thin rain induced me to buy a delicious dish ( empanadas ) .
At lunch , a light rain induced me to buy a delicious dish ( empanadas ) .
When I was going to the university , it was raining really hard , and I got a headache .
I solve the exam really fast , and then I went home , to slept .
I finished the exam really fast and then I went home to sleep .
The last Thursday I had to inscribe me to the courses of this semester .
I choose some subjects , that will allow me to keep working while studding .
I chose some subjects that will allow me to keep working while studying .
my career , engineering , really takes time to be completed , and it is really easy to lost years if you do not pass one subject in time .
My career , engineering , really takes time to be completed , and it is really easy to lose years if you do not pass one subject in time .
Some times , because of being at work , you could not assit and looses exams , just a little problem , with a big impact on your life .
I started this week to study , I feel condifent I will have a nice semester .
I started to study this week , I feel confident I will have a nice semester .
A good news is that a coworker lend me a book about kanji . . .
A bit of good news is that a coworker lent me a book about kanji . . .
all written in japanese .
all written in Japanese .
It will take time to digest it , but it will be so sweet to read it that I am really happy about that .
Nowadays my current topic at Japanese is to end learning katakana , that is why I have to wait until I could learn more vocabulary , verbs in particular .
Nowadays my current topic in Japanese is to end learning katakana . That is why I have to wait until I learn more vocabulary , verbs in particular .

in Tokyo is raining again . . .
It is raining in Tokyo again . . .
I do n't like Tokyo 's rain
today I have an interview for my new job
today I have a job interview
it 's a cleaning job in somebody 's house , building , some public place . . .
I hope I can get this job hahaha
then I 'm gon na eat breakfast after shower
then I 'm gon na eat breakfast after taking a shower
hihihihiiiiiii
What important lesson have you learned from a family member ?
What important lesson have you learned from a family member ? alternatively from you family
My parents taught me a lot things .
My parents taught me a lot of things .
But the most impressive thing is about mentality .
My parents always told me to be challenger at any time and not to be afraid of any failures .
And they said you have to have a risk if you want to become big .
And they said you have to take risks if you want to become succesful .
Also they said it is important to study hard in order to contend with difficulties .
Also they said it is important to focus hard / well in order to contend / overcome with difficulties .
When I have to choose something , I always remember this teachings and think which is really for me in the future in order not to select easy one .
When I have to choose something , I always remember these lessons and decide which will really help me / make me stronger in the future in order not just choose the easy one .

Internet cafe ( comic cafe ) in Japan
I sometimes use an Internet cafe .
If you pay an entrance charge in the case of Japan , a pravite space is offered to you and you can read all comics , all magizines in the shop ( of cource you can use internet ! ) .
Many kinds of drinks are all free , so that they are self - service .
Many kinds of drinks are all free , and are self - service .
My favarite comic is `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` published serially in `` A boy Jump `` ( the most famous japanes comic magizine ) .
My favorite comic is `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` published serially in `` A boy Jump `` ( the most famous Japanese comic magazine ) .
Characters has many kinds of ability `` stand `` .
For example , Jhotaro uses `` STAR PLATINUM `` stopping a time about several seconds .
They fight with `` stand `` and they are very attractive .
I do n't finish reading all chapter of `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` , I always read it when I go to an Internet cafe .
I never finish reading all the chapters of `` JOJO ' S BIZARRE ADVENTURE `` . I always read it when I go to an internet cafe .

I drank with my colleagues .
It was so fun that I forgot the time when I have to return home .
It was so fun that I forgot the time when I had to return home .
I have to do the laundry and have a bath .
I have to do the laundry and take a bath .
It 's very messy . . .
I want to sleep now .

Three Days to See
I 've been memorizing some excerpts from Three Days to See by Helen Keller .
And here is my recording : URL Please give me some advice on my pronunciation .
Thank you !
The content of the recording is as follows :
All of us have read thrilling stories in which the hero had only a limited and specified time to live .
Sometimes it was as long as a year , sometimes as short as 24 hours .
But always we were interested in discovering just how the doomed hero chose to spend his last days or his last hours .
I speak , of course , of free men who have a choice , not condemned criminals whose sphere of activities is strictly delimited .
I speak , of course , of free men who have a choice , not condemned criminals whose sphere of activities is strictly limited .

When you 're feeling sad , what do you do to feel better ?
When I feel sad , I do my hobbies .
For example , listen to music , watch the movie , go to shopping . . .
For example , listening to music , watching movies , going shopping . . .
Because , when I do my favorite things , I can be more relax .
Because , when I do my favorite things , I can be more relaxed .
So , I can forget sad things .
Also , I consult my family or friend .
Also , I consult my family or friends .
This will , I will feel better .
This way , I will feel better .

We will go to child hospital this morning
We will go to the children ' shospital this morning .
We will go to child hospital this morning for our baby ( Riku ) .
Riku is drinking milk now .
He continue drinking for 1 hour .
He like milk from my wife very much .
Riku also pee and poo a lot .
Riku also pees and poos a lot !
My wife is drinking Dandelion coffee very much .
My wife is drinkinglots ofDandelion coffee
Because she can makr lots of milk if she drinkingn Dandelion coffe .

My brother 's room has been repaired .
It is usually humid and very hot here in summer .
The humid weahter caused some mold in our house .
The humid weather caused some mold in our house .
Other rooms were okay , but my brother 's room was not very good .
The walls in his room were covered with mold .
Mother repapered some part of the walls today .
It looks better now and he is really satisfied with tidy room .
It looks better now and he is really satisfied with it .

question . . .
I wondered that whether the word `` product `` is used for only industrial things or not .
If it comes to be food , what word I can use ?
If it comes to be food , what word can I use ?
English is difficult , but fun to study !

Introducing my computers
In this year ,
This year ,
This year ,
New macbook has been released , iPhone and iPad as well !
the new MacBook has been released , and the iPhone and iPad as well !
The new Macbook has been released as well as the iPhone and iPad .
I have all of it fortunately ^ _ ^
I have all of it , fortunately . ^ _ ^
I have been debut as mac user since 2010 .
I debuted as Mac user in 2010 .
Mac is much more fan than window for me .
Macs are much more fun than Windows for me .
What about you ? ? ?
Which type of computer is best for you ? ?
The Spring has come
Spring has come
My name is Natalie and I 'm from Kiev .
My name is Natalie and I 'm from Kiev .
Today was the warmest day from the whole month .
A lot of people has smiles on their fayses .
A lot of people have smiles on their faces .
Ladys just began to wear light coats and high heel boots .
Ladies have just begun to wear light coats and high heel boots .
There were something beautiful and alluring on pale and a little bit grey faces of the strangers .
There was something beautiful and alluring in the pale and ( slightly ) grey faces of the strangers .
The time when you promise to yourself to start a new life .
The time when you promise yourself to start a new life .
Spring is the time when you trying to make yourself believe in something good and fabulos , begin to leave again after the cold exhausting winter .

I ` m very tired
I ` m very tired .
Today I went to Shinjyuku .
Soory , today ` s journal is so simple .
Sorry , today ` s journal is so / very simple .
I will go to bet at once .
I will go to bed at once .

Teacher training course
I take a teacher training course in university .
In one of the classes , I had to deliver a trial lesson to improve my teaching skill .
I did it last Friday .
It was awful !
I was very nervous .
The teacher said , `` Your lesson is a typical bad example of unfocused explanation . `` He did n't mean to hurt me .
I knew that but still I was shocked !
He just complimented me on my voice .
He just / only complimented me on my voice .
He said , `` I like your voice .
It is soft . `` I am going to go to junior high school to practice teaching next year .
I want to tell myself , `` Good luck ! ``

Another New Day
Today there was nothing special but I still want to write something to let you know what I am doing .
Besides , I can have the chance to practice my English writing .
I used to write Chinese diaries but later I changed to write English writing and now I give up both of them because I want to you to help me with my English writing and also give myself the chance to practice my English typing speed .
I used to write Chinese diaries but later I changed to writing in English and now I give up both of them because I want to you to help me with my English writing and also give myself the chance to practice my English typing speed .
I am not good at it so I tried a lot .
I am not good at it so I become tried quickly .
You understand , do n't you ?
This morning I did n't have classes so as usual I stayed at the self - study room and did some studying .
This morning I did n't have classes so as usual I stayed in the self - study room and did some studying .
At noon , I did n't take a nap so that I can have much time to read a novel , which is written in English by a Chinese writer .
It is very interesting and I almost finish it so I am eager to make it as soon as possible .
It is very interesting and I have almost finished it so I am eager to do it as soon as possible .
In the afternoon , I went to the playground and did some jogging .
I usually run ten laps ; each lap is four hundred meters long .
I usually run ten laps ; each lap is four hundred meters long .
I think it is a good method to exercise and it is good for both our physical health and our mental health as well as our psycological health .
Above all , why do n't we try it ?
Tonight I have a lesson so I 've got to go now .
If there is anything fun or special , I will definitely let youo know because you are my sinsere listeners .
If there is anything fun or special , I will definitely let you know because you are my sincere listeners .
I hope everything goes well with you all .

Curriculum vitae
I currently have filled in the application form and curriculum vitae because it is needed for job hunting .
I have recentlyfilled in the application form and curriculum vitae because they arenecessaryfor job hunting .
It is very annoying .
First of all , In Japan , this kind of document usually must be handwritten .
The writing using PC is not allowed .
Use of aPC is not allowed .
( Some companies allow it . )
Secondly , It is not erasable even if I make a mistake in writing .
Secondly , It itcannot be erased , even if I make a mistake in writing .
This is because a pen is used and whiteout is not accepted .
So if I make amistake , I must write again from the scratch on a new paper .
So if I make a mistake , I must write again from scratch on a new piece ofpaper .
I think it is nonsense .

English Test
I got the result of TOEIC today .
I got the result of my TOEIC test today .
I got the results of / for my TOEIC test / exam today .
It scored 820 .
I scored 820 .
It 's the best score for me .
It 's the best score I 've ever received .
But I do n't think that the score reflect my current English skill .
But I do n't think that the score reflects my current English skill .
Anyway this Lang8 friends help me blush up my English !
Anyway my Lang - 8 friends helped me brush up my English !
Anyway , my Lang - 8 friends helped me brush up on my English !
Thanks all !

I went shopping today !
I went shopping and I bought book .
I went shopping and bought a book .
I also eat icecream .
I also ate ice cream .
It was very delicious !
Cut apples and walnut got into it .
There were sliced apples and walnuts in it .
I want to eat it again .

20100907 Just Ask Please
Lots of article have written , If a man want to ask you out , you should say NO at least twice , then say YES .
Lots of articles written , If a man wants to ask you out , you should say NO at least twice , then say YES .
But . . . nowadays , It is not working at all .
Please , If you wanna ask someone out , just ask .
Or they will never know what you are thinking .
Especial for me , if you do n't say anything
Especially for me , if you do n't say anything
I will never know , ha ha ~
So , Please , just ask anything as well .
So , please , just ask anyway .

I went to tennis club yesterday .
It was the third time .
The coach 's advice were to watch a ball cerefuliy and hit the ball on center of racket .
The coach 's advice were to watch a ball carefully and hit the ball on center of racket .
The coach 's advice was to watch a ball carefully and hit the ball with the center of racket .
And he gave me two tennis balls .
He adviced again that it was good for practice swings a few minutes every day .
He adviced again that it was good to practice swings a few minutes every day .
He advised again that it was good to do practice swings a few minutes every day .
He also adviced me that it was good for practice tossing the ball on the racket .
He also advised me that it was good to practice tossing the ball on the racket .
He belonged to a table tenice clab and he went there two times a week .
He belonged to a table tennis club and he went there two times a week .
He belonged to a table tennis club and he went there two times a week .
He said that tennis and table tennis are same .
He said that tennis and table tennis are the same .
He said that tennis and table tennis are the same .
He recommended me to start the table tennis .
He recommended me to start with table tennis .
He recommended that I start playing table tennis .
I will go there next Wednesday evening .

My Tutor Program started .
Today , I learned that it is very very very difficult to pronounce `` plate `` .
Does it seem easy ?
You know , it is very difficult for Japanese to pronounce `` R `` and `` L `` sounds correctly .
You know , it is very difficult for Japanese to pronounce `` R `` and `` L `` correctly .
I know how to pronounce R and L sounds .
I know how to pronounce R and L
So , `` rate `` and `` late `` are OK .
But , when it comes to `` plate `` , I pronounced it `` prate `` .
But , when it comes to `` plate `` , I pronounce it `` prate `` .
When I pronounce `` plate `` very slowly , like p . . . . late , it seems to be OK .
But , when I pronounce it very quickly , I pronounced it `` prate `` .
But , when I pronounce it very quickly , I pronounce it `` prate `` .
plate plate plate plate plate plate , , , , what do you think about it ?

`` Presentation ``
I have to give a presentation on my graduate school experience for the new freshman today .
Today I have to give a presentation to incoming freshmen on my graduate school experience .
I do n't have nervous but I want to finish it early because I will have lots of work .
I am not nervous but I want to finish early because I have lots of work afterwards .
I want to do my best in any case .
Regardless I want to do my best .

Is Japanese liar ? ( in English )
Are the Japanese liars ? ( in English )
This is the topic I thought very interesting when watched on TV .
It was the content that some actions , these are usually diplomatic remarks for Japanese , seem like big lies for foreigners !
For example , saying `` See you soon `` despite not seeing aftertime , saying `` You speak Japanese very well ! `` when hearing only a few words . . .
For example , saying `` See you soon `` despite not seeing afterwards , saying `` You speak Japanese very well ! `` when hearing only a few words . . .
For example , saying `` See you soon `` despite not seeing each other for a long while , or saying `` You speak Japanese very well ! `` after hearing only a few words .
For we Japanese these are the unintentional actions or are the actions we want to communicate with other peason smoothly though it seems to be lies if we change our view .
For we Japanese these are the unintentional expression or just the normal speaking that we want to communicate with other person naturally though it seems to be a lie at the other point of view .
For we Japanese , these are unintentionally upsetting actions caused by our desire to smoothly communicate with other people , though they may seem to be lies if we are taken literally .
I laughed the example that there is no melon in MELONPAN in Japan ( ~ _ ~ ; )
I laughed at the MELONPAN which has no Melon ( ~ _ ~ ; )
I laughed at the example that there is no melon in MELONPAN in Japan ( ~ _ ~ ; )
( In Japan there 's the bread called MELONPAN ( melon - bread ) but there is no melon in it )
( In Japan there 's a bread called MELONPAN ( melon - bread ) but there is no melon in it )
Everyone , do you have the moment that you feel Japanese is liar ?
Everyone , do you think Japanese is liar according to the above cases ?
Everyone , do you have moments when you feel the Japanese are liars ?
Why do I like sweets very much ?
Why do I like sweets so much ?
I ate a tiramisu and a cheese cake today ! !
I ate tiramisu and a piece of cheese cake today ! !
I like sweets better than diets .
I like sweets better than dieting .
I want to eat sweets now too ^ ^
This is a wonder !

Teacher - parent Conference
Yesterday night I attended teacher - parent conference , in the conference most of parents were talking about their
Yesterday night I attended a teacher - parent conference . At the conference most of the parents were talking about their
children 's academic performance , they think that if their children have low grade , they will lose face .
children 's academic performance . They think that if their children have low grades , they will lose face .
They only care for test score , not learning process .
They only care about test scores , not the learning process .
In my opinion , test score is just an inspection to children 's former learning .
In my opinion , test scores are just an indication of children 's previous learning .
Parents should more care for their learning process and learning method , and help them overcome difficulties in their learning .
Parents should care more about the children 's learning process and learning methods and help them overcome difficulties in their learning .

Healthy Life
What is healthy life ?
What is a healthy life ?
I ca n't remember .
Before I have internet , reading , doing sports , meeting is part of my life .
But now it has been changed a lot .
But now it has changed a lot .
I do n't read books almost , and put meeting off with the excuse that I had too much works to do .
I almost do n't read books anymore , and cancel meetings with the excuse that I had too much work to do .
Today a friend here on lang - 8 who come from USA corrected my entry , and he said he was in computer lab , and would reply me the next time or next week .
Today a friend here on lang - 8 who comes from the USA corrected my entry , and he said that he was in a computer lab , and would reply to me next time , maybe even next week .
I immediately realized that he do n't have internet at dorm .
He is student who learns Chinese , and he is very good at Chinese , even classical Chinese .
I should have healthy life like him , stop wasting time on internet on garbage things .
I 'm supposed to like writing in English arbitrary .
I 'm very grateful to those who help me out with my poor English .
I 'm very sorry to waste your patients and favors .
I just review them for one time and I made the same mistakes in the next entry again .
I 'm a idiot .
Tomorrow is another day , I live in today , everything in my mind is happend yesterday .
Tomorrow is another day , I live today , everything in my mind happened yesterday .
HURRY HURRY !
COME ON COME ON !
YES I CAN !

Hello everybody !
I 'm Billy .
I come from China .
I Can say Cantonese well .
I can speak Cantonese well .
I have been here for 3weeks .
Tomorrow I will go to Auckland Zoo . . . .
Tomorrow I will go to Auckland Zoo . . . .
How to use this site
This is my fist post here .
I got to know this website from a book , which tells me how to improve my English using iPad .
I learned about this website from a book , which tells me how to improve my English using iPad .
Still I do n't understand well what I can do here .
I hope I can find the best way through trial and error .

It 's an interesting website !
I hope I can keep writing diary in English here .
I hope I can keep writing my diary in English here .
The baseball team Dodgers is coming to Taiwan .
The Dodgers baseball team is coming to Taiwan .
I 'm so exciting to see the baseball game in Taiwan ! !
I 'm so excited to see a baseball game in Taiwan ! !

Writing and Speaking Skills : Part 3
I 've been feeling that writing is easier for me than speaking in English .
The cause of it may be an improvement of my writing skills , but I am not still convinced perfectly .
The cause may be because of an improvement in my writing skills , but I am still not perfectly convinced .
Why I 'm feeling that speaking is the worst of my English skills at the moment , even though I used to feel speaking was the best .
am I feeling that speaking is the worst of my English skills at the moment , even though I used to feel that speaking was the best .
In order to analyze that , I 'd like to compare the situation of speaking and writing .
Basically , I am cheerful and positive , so it 's easy for me to get friendly with new people .
Whenever I go to an English conversation club , I always meet newcomers .
They sit around my table and they become my conversational partners at that day .
They sit around my table and they become my conversational partners that day .
They say that they are very comfortable while they are talking with me .
I think my cheerful personality will cause good result .
I think my cheerful personality will cause a good result .
I can also feel the sense that they are comfortable with me .
This good impression makes me think that I 'm good at speaking .
The other advantage is the existence of conversational partners in front of me .
The other advantage is the existence of the conversational partners in front of me .
Even if I make mistakes in English , I can rely on non - verbal language , such as facial expression , gesture , intonation and so on .
I am also good at these non - verbal factors .
And also , speaking is a two - way and real - time communication , so we can confirm the meaning each other .
And also , speaking is a two - way and real - time communication , so we can confirm the meaning with each other .
It 's easy to know how much my conversational partners understand what I said .
On the other hand , writing has a disadvantage , which is a basically one - way communication .
When I write something , there are no readers around me .
In other words , there is no immediate way to know how much people understand what I wrote .
In other words , there is no immediate way to know how much people will understand what I wrote .
In other words , there is no immediate way to know how much of what I write that people will understand
Therefore , writing has a strong possibility to produce misunderstandings .
In addition to the advantage and disadvantage between the types of communication , there is a limitation of my English level .
In addition to the advantages and disadvantages between the types of communication , there is a limitation to my English level .
I really hate that someone misunderstands me .
I really hate it when someone misunderstands me .
That 's why I did n't like writing something in English .
That 's why I did n't like writing somethings in English .
To be continued .

Fukushima Nuclear Plants
Hi my Lang8 friends ,
Thank you for your concerns ,
We are worried about the Nuclear Plants .
There are 2 big plants in Fukushima named Daiichi ( No . 1 ) and Daini ( No . 2 ) plant .
And The Daiichi plant has 6 nuclear power stations .
The whole Daiichi plant has six nuclear reactors .
All stations are shut down and especially the 3 out of 6 are dangerous .
All six reactors are shut down and three out of the six are especially dangerous .
This URL is the electoric company 's press release written in English .
This URL is the electric company 's press release written in English .
I hope this URL will help the people who ca n't read Japanese .
I hope this URL will help those people who ca n't read Japanese .

I 'm afraid of four uture !
I am afraid of the future !
A small article was in a newspaper yesterday .
It was that A scientists ' group has been developing a technique .
The technique is that PC read human 's brain just thinking .
They said we can know what someone is dreaming , what someone is thinking now .
It 's like telepathy !
I was enjoying to watch impossible movies about telepathic girl , traveling space - time , the clone , DOKODEMO DOOR ( it 's Japanese famous comic ) , etc .
We were thinking they were fiction , but we must be these come true in the near future .
We thought these were fiction but they may be reality in the future !
It 's good ?
Is that good ?
Or is that bad ?

Studying English is not easy !
This is a hard language , but I love it .
And I hope I can find the friends who have the same habbies as me .
Just try to talk to me ~

My Seventh Day in America Part 2
After enjoying the antique shops , we went to a Vietnamese restaurant .
Since I bocame bored American foods , it was very good .
Since I have become bored of American food , it was very good .
I 've never eaten such good Vietnamese foods .
I 've never eaten such good Vietnamese food .
The foods were the best food in these seven days .
I ate too much , so I could n't eat dinner anymore .
I ate too much , so I could n't eat dinner .
We really enjoyed lunch with chatting .
We really enjoyed lunch and chatting .
San Do told me if we would love to eat good oriental foods , we should go to a restaurant where are lots of oriental people .
San Do told me if we love to eat good oriental food , we should go to a restaurant where are lots of oriental people .
If the restaurant is full of oriental people , it 's a good restaurant .
On the other hand , if there are many American people in the restaurant , it 's not a good restaurant .
I think we will go there again while we are here .
After enjoying lunch , we went to Wal - Mart .
I love American supermarkets because it 's very big and there are so many stuff .
I love American supermarkets because they 're very big and there is so much stuff .
I really enjoyed Wal - Mart , too .
I bought some bananas , one super big bottole of fruit juice , a pack of chocolate cookie , ten discounted DVDs ( each one was just 5 dollars . ) and a bottle of perfume .
I bought some bananas , one super big bottle of fruit juice , a pack of chocolate cookies , ten discounted DVDs ( each one was just 5 dollars . ) and a bottle of perfume .
I 'm very happy to be able to buy some DVDs .
Right now I ca n't watch them , but after I return back to Japan , I would love to watch all of them .
I also would love to Wal - Mart in Florida again and buy some more DVDs .
I also would love to go to Wal - Mart in Florida again and buy some more DVDs .
My painting teacher , Sand Do is a Vietnamese .
My painting teacher , Sand Do is Vietnamese .
While taking his class , he told me how he has mastered English .
While taking his class , he told me how he mastered English .
He also watched a bunch of movies in English and mastered English .
He also watched a bunch of movies in English .
I agree with him .
Watching movies is one of the best and the interesting ways .
Watching movies is one of the best and most interesting ways .
Untill I will come back here next time , I really would like to improve my comprehension skills more ; I would like to become able to communicate with my American friends much more .
Until I come back here next time , I would really like to improve my comprehension skills more ; I would like to become able to communicate with my American friends much more .
So , I would like to study harder after I return back to Japan .

hey ! ! !
I have a puppy ~
I got my first puppy this summer .
He ran and jumped around when he first stepped in his new home .
He ran and jumped around when he first came into his new home .
What a naughty boy , is n't he ?
He 's a naughty boy , is n't he ?
I named the puppy Pika .
I named him Pika .
Well . . . .
I named he Pika not because he is like the hare which has short ears .
I named him Pika , not because he is like a rabbit with short ears .
Actually because of pikakutar .
Actually , it 's because of pikakutar .
( Do anybody know what it is ? )
( Does anybody know what that is ? )
Whatever , he is still my lovely brother : )
He has white straight fur and pretty eyes .
He has straight white fur and pretty eyes .
And he is only three months .
He is only three months .
Oh ! A young little dog really have a lot of curiosity of the big big world .
Oh ! A young puppy really has a lot of curiosity about the big big world .
He is sooooo cute : )
I promise I 'll take good care of him till the end .
Just like a part of mt body .
Just like a part of my body .
Treat him carefully and tenderly .
I will also treat him tenderly and with care .
( but I 'll still angry with him and blame him when he do serious mistakes . )
( but I 'll still be angry with him and blame him when he does anything serious . )
umm . . . .
It 's my first time to have a dog .
How about you ?
I hope you can share your experience with me : )
I hope you can share your experiences with me : )
Thanks ! !

Time flies . . .
My parents came to Tanzania to meet me for 1 month schedule .
My parents came to Tanzania to meet me for one month .
At the first when I met them at the airport , I thought that it is very long as a travel for 1 month .
At the first when I met them at the airport , I thought that one month would be a very long time to travel around .
However , the day after tomorrow , they are leaving here .
I 'm so depressed . : - (

Today , I 'm first to come here . so I 'm very heppy that there will have some firends to help me study English .
Today is my first time here . I 'm very happy that there will be some friends to help me study English .
My English is very

cherry blossom
Cherry blossoms is going to bloom soon .
At first some weather informations said it will bloom on the twenty - first of this month .
It is the twenty - second .
Today is the twenty - second .
In Tokyo , Japan , there are the standard trees of cherry blossom in the Yasukuni - jinja shrine .
In Tokyo of Japan , there are `` sample trees `` of cherry blossoms in the Yasukuni - jinja .
Someone declare cherry blossoms have bloomed when they found some of it bloomed .
Someone declared cherry blossoms began blooming when they found some flowers came out ( of the sample trees ) .
There were some cherry blossoms bloomed yesterday .
There were cherry blossoms that bloomed yesterday .
But they recognized it less to declair .
But they considered it less than enough for declaring .
So they may declare today .
There are some cherry blossoms ' tree in my neibour .
There are some cherry blossom trees in my neighborhood .
Those blanches have big bud which is going to bloom .
There are many famous location to see cherry blossoms .
There are many famous locations to see cherry blossoms .
Some of them are Chidori - ga - huch in the palace , Ueno - park for example .
( For example , the Chidori - ga - fuchi in the Imperial Palace and the Ueno - park . )

I cooked today .
actually I did n't cook for a while .
actually I have n't cooked for a while .
about 6month ?
I live alone .
I love cook .
I love to cook .
but I love more that I cook for someone .
but I love more to cook for someone else ,
not alone .
When I live alone , I can hardly keep regular hours .
Every time I taste something that 's delicious , always I think of my mother .
She does n't skip breakfast every morning for my family .
She does n't ever skip breakfast in the morning for my family .
when I was a student , I really do n't want to eat breakfast she made every morning .
when I was a student , I really do n't want to eat the breakfast she made every morning .
and then every morning I fought my mother .
If I can be back since , I really will spank my ass on my own .
so , now I can understand how hard she tried to do for my family .
Now I can understand how hard she worked for my family .
I 'm going to my hometown to see my parents tomorrow .
I feel happy whenever thinking of the upcoming Lunar New year 's Day wiht my family .
I feel happy whenever thinking of the upcoming Lunar New Year 's Day with my family .
after the new year , I will start a diet . . . . . . . .
After the New Year , I will start a diet . . . . . . . .
Input and Output 2
I had a TOEIC test today , test was held at university near of Seisekisakuragaoka station .
Before I arrived there , It began to rain , but it became fine weather just before test .
I had been a little obsessed by doing English after previous test , 24 July , because it was n't able to said I got good score .
Of course , Although I dind n't have a skill enough to get high score , but there was other reason too , it was lack of concentration .
But I can do the best today , I think .
Resently , I have been studying for 3 or 4 hours a day , but Reading and Listening were mainly large part .
Recently , I have been studying for 3 or 4 hours a day , but Reading and Listening were mainly the large part .
Speaking and writing ware less , particulally , just before Toeic .
Speaking and writing were less , particularly , just before Toeic .
To be honest , studying to get highscore was not interesthing moment for me .
To be honest , studying to get a highscore was not an interesting moment for me .
But It 's over !
I am free now !
I can read paper backs and listen to the audiobooks , which I want to address , not as material for Toeic . and I think that I have to try to more output : writing , speaking from now on .
Although I feel that I said the same thing before dialy ^ ^ ;

First diary
This is my first diary .
I wish I could write diary everyday .
I wish I could write a diary entry everyday .
lang - 8 . com is a nice website to improve my English ability !
lang - 8 . com is a nice website to improve my English abilities ! !

Just an entry
Hi , everyone ! : D !
I had n't written here in a while .
Now , I 'm on vacations .
Now , I 'm on vacation .
I have n't done anything extraordinary since I was sick until few days ago .
What I did - and was really nice - , was going to a rock concert from a local band .
What I did - and it was really nice - was go to a rock concert performed by local band .
They turned out to be awesome .
I had listened to their previous records , and knew some of their songs by heart , but being there was just unexpectedly great .
They 're called `` Caramelos de cianuro `` ( Cyanide candies ) and here : URL you can listen to some of their recent tracks , really nice , in my opinion .
Hope everyone is having fun on summer !
Hope everyone is having fun n summer !
- Indramon

I have a question
I have a question .
I 'm learning english now , but my english is very poor .
I 'm learning English now , but my English is very poor .
how can I improve my english ? oh my god !
How can I improve my English ? Oh my god !

Keep on writing diary
Writing diary in English everyday is hard for me .
Writing a diary in English everyday is hard for me .
I could not manage to make enough time for it .
I ca n't ( manage to ) make enough time for it .
But everyday something funny always happens and I would like to
tell you about it .
That makes me happy .
Today my ' Kituke ' teacher who is teaching me how to put on ' kimono '
told me not to touched and bent her ' obi ' ( sash ) .
It was because when we put on ' kimono ' , we use sash by folding half - width .
But we should not bend sash at the very edge where there is a
pattern particularly in case of that is made by embroidery .
If once we make a line of folding on the pattern , it can not be put away .
If we make a crease even once on the pattern , it wo n't go away .
The line will never disappear .
The crease will never disappear .
So that sash will be spoiled .
I do n't know it until now .
When I closed to her to touch her sash , she screamed and ran
away with drawing her sash like a kangaroo ! !

Last weekend - 1 !
Last weekend , it was a long off - day because last Friday was Memorial Day for devoted people in war , such as deceased patriots , soilders and officers of armed forces .
Last weekend , it was a long day off because last Friday was Memorial Day for devoted people in war , such as deceased patriots , soldiers and officers of armed forces .
For national holiday and weekend , I had three days to do something .
The national holiday plus the weekend , I had three days to do something .
On Friday , it was a clean day because my parents wanted to be cleaned up wooden floor .
On Friday , it was a cleaning day because my parents wanted the wooden floor to be cleaned up .
So a half day we cleaned it up , my parents and I were exhausted .
So for a half day we cleaned it up , my parents and I were exhausted .
I could n't anything but take a relax .
I could n't do anything but relax .
Last Saturday , I felt down and I 'd like to go out for a walk so I went to Haeundae beach alone .
Last Saturday , I felt down and wanted to go out for a walk so I went to Haeundae beach alone .
As you know , sometiems people do n't want to be together , just leave oneself alone .
As you know , sometiems people do n't want to be together , just be alone .
At first time , I hesitated to go to there alone , however I needed to get a second wind .
When I arrived there , there were so many people who enjoyed with family , lovers and friends .
When I arrived there , there were so many people who enjoyed with their family , lovers and friends .
I walked by myself along the beach and sat down sand to do thinking something and seeing sea views .
I walked by myself along the beach and sat down on the sand to do some thinkingand watching the sea view .
And I joined the private coversation club for improving English skill .
And I joined the private conversation club for improving English skills .
Every Saturday it helds in Seomyeon .
Every Saturday it is held in Seomyeon .
There are various people in there .
I like joining this club .
Because it can be improved my English speech skill and it makes people together as well .
Because it can be improve my English speech skills and it makes people come together as well .
Briefly let you know this club , for five hours people talk about several topics and small talks .
To briefly let you know this club , for five hours people talk about several topics and make small talk .
It 's no restrict to join the club , just enrol the website and then you can join it every Saturday .
There are no restrictions to join the club , just enroll on the website and then you can attend it every Saturday .
Once joining this club , I should n't go back home after finishing the conversation .
Once joining this club , I do n't go back home after finishing conversing .
Usually people go drinking soju and beer lightly .
Usually people go out to drink soju and beer lightly .
And something to play sports , such as playing pool , bowling and singing to Karaoke .
And do something else like play sports , such as playing pool , bowling and singing to karaoke .
Same as usual , we went to play pool after finishing coversation .
As usual , we went to play pool after finishing conversation .
We agreed on cost for pool .
We agreed on payment for pool .
My team lost , the score is 2 - 1 .
We had to pay , however it was so fun .
And then we went to drink beer with chieken .
It was a long day .

I do n't know my mind which I love you .
I met her at 09 : 00 .
We drank with my friend and her friend .
I did n't see her .
but I played with her friend .
but I hooked up with her friend .
I do n't know why I behaved .
I do n't know why I did that .
I 'm stupid .

Nice to meet you !
I started Lang - 8 to study English .
I will write a diary of daily events and thought .
I will write a diary of daily events and thoughts .
Although my writing is awkward text at first , it should make progress every day .
At first , my writing is awkward but , I should make progress every day .
Let 's keep in touch .

Japanese cartoon
I have been loved reading cartoon since I was a child , especially Japanese cartoon .
I have loved reading cartoons since I was a child , especially Japanese cartoons .
Though Chinese cartoon have improved a lot , I still love the style of Japanese cartoon .
Though Chinese cartoons have improved a lot , I still love the style of Japanese cartoons .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin `` is an early and special cartoon in my memory .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin `` is an early and special memory of mine .
It fully exhibited cold and bloody of the war in the use of sword .
People would feel ambiguous when faced to the selection between the people 's lives and deontology .
I do n't know how to express my feeling about this complex expression .
I do n't know how to express my feeling about this complex issue .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin Memories `` is very good , it 's worth to watching .
The cartoon called `` Rurouni Kenshin Memories `` is very good , it 's worth watching .

yes , I understand .
Today , when my teacher asked us `` Do you understand ? ``
Then I answered ' Yes , I understand .
I answered ' Yes , I understand .
Is it correct ?
Is this correct ?
or I should answered ' Yes , I do .
or should I have answered ' Yes , I do .
when should I answered ' Yes , I do .
when should I answer ' Yes , I do .
' and ' Yes , I understand . ' ?

This weekend I stayed at home by myself , because my parents were going to Amerian .
So I am so happy , but I need to cook by myself , I tried to do my best , I bought many dumpling , It 's easy to cook , I had eaten it two day , Afternoon I play basketball with my friend four hours , I had a good weekend .
I was so happy , but I needed to cook by myself . I tried to do my best , so I bought many dumplings , because they are easy to cook . I ate them for two days . I played basketball with my friend in the afternoon for four hours . I had a good weekend .

`` Terrorism `` is named after terror
`` Terrorism `` comes from the wordterror
I found this article today .
`` Times Square bomb plot spotlights larger U .
S . fear ``
Yes I 'm afraid of bombing in the U .
Yes , I 'm afraid of abombing in the U .
S , especial for Times SQ near my dad lives .
S . - especially in Times Squarebecause my dad livesnearby .
S , especially in Times Square near where my dad lives .
But I think it 's important to realize that we tend to worry too much about risks next to us , and tend to ignore them seems to be far from us .
I think it 's moreimportant , though , to realize that we tend to worry too much about therisks next to us , and tend to ignore those that seem to be far away .
But I think it 's important to realize that we tend to worry too much about risks close to home , and tend to ignore those that seem far away from us .
For example , Swine flu has killed 17000 people in theU .
For example , Swine flu has killed over / around17000 people in theU .
Reuters reports
I guess it will do kill more or less people again .
And it will continue to kill this many people , more or less , every year .
Can you be making too much of this issue right now ?
Can we be making too much of this issue right now ?
Are we making too much of this issue right now ?
Stock masks in case , food and water and check CDC everyday ?
Stockingfood , water , andmasks in cases , checking CDC everyday ?
Stocking masks food and water , and checking CDC everyday ?
Nonsense .
Another example , car accidents kill about 40000 people every year , who can give up driving ?
Another example - car accidents kill about 40000 people every year , butwho gives up driving ?
Yes , we can control risks and our minds .
Yes , we can control risk and our minds .
However , once we trapped fears of small attacks might be happen at YOUR city , `` terror `` can easily over - control our mind .
However , once we trap fears of small localattacks in our minds , `` terror `` can easily over - control our minds .
However , once you become consumed by the fear that small attacks might happen in YOUR city , `` terror `` can easily take over our minds .
That make us dumb then we ca n't answer correctly these kind of questions , `` which is more serious ? `` , `` which can kill many ? ``
That makes us dumb and we ca n't correctlyanswer these kinds of questions - `` Which is more serious ? `` and `` Which can kill more ? ``
That makes us blind , and we ca n't correctly answer questions like `` which is more serious ? `` and `` which can kill more ? ``
In fact , believe or not , we CAN ' T control the brain at all .
But right information that we tend to do so will help us to overtake the effects from fears .
However , if we have theright information , it will help us to overtake the effects of fear .
But having access to the right information will help us overcome these fears .
Otherwise
`` You might be seduced by the dark side of the Force `` , haha . ; - p
Financial crisis makes us easy to loose our temper , so that 's the reason I hope to share this with you .
The financial crisis makes iteasy for usto lose our temper , so that 's the reason I wanted to share this with you .
Thanks .

Nice to meet you !
This is my first time to write my diary in English ! !
I feel nuevous a little bit . . .
I feel nervous a little bit . . .
Yesterday I got a book from my brother .
The book my brother gave me yesterday motivated me to learn English .
The book my brother gave me motivated me to learn English .
I have n't understood how to study English .
I had n't understood how to study English .
It wrote the reasons Japanese are weak on Englsh and the method Japanese study it efficiency .
It wrote about the reasons Japanese are weak with English and the method Japanese use to study it efficiency .
My opinion about studying English was not complately wrong : p
My opinion about studying English was not completely wrong : p
It is whether I 've try it or not .
It is whether I 've tried it or not .
I look forward to bringing about great changes in my brain on this studying abraod .
I look forward to bringing about great changes in my brain on this studying abroad .

I want go home
Today is a traditional festival in China , I want go home early , but I have a salon class at 6 o ' clock , I 'm so pity !
Today is a traditional festival in China . I want go home early , but I have a salon class at 6 o ' clock . I 'm so sad !

My Very First Entry
Hello : )
I 'm Japanese and I 'm from Japan .
I graduated from a university this year then I majored in Economics .
MY INTERSTS are
/ Hand crafts ( Beads accessories , Leather crafts and Ceramics )
/ Cooking
/ Photographs
/ Photographs ( Photography ? )
/ Japanese flower arrangement
/ World heritage
/ Classic ballet
and so on .
Now I 'm learning English and willing to study Arabic .
In particulary , I would like to speak English fluently .
In particular , I would like to speak English fluently .
So I 'm looking for a person who can correct my grammar and pronunciation .
I like writing English but I 'm not good at speaking yet .
I can tell you some beautiful KANJI and basic Japanese .
I can show you some beautiful Kanji and basic Japanese .
Why do n't we Language Exchange ?
Why do n't we do a language exchange ?
If you are interested in my profile , please contact me on here or Skype ( ID : crystaldew530 ) .
If you are interested in my profile , please contact me on here or on Skype ( ID : crystaldew530 ) .
I think using foreign languages makes me discover something new of myself .
I think using foreign languages makes me discover new things about myself .
Thank you ; )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Actually , this is my profile on toppage .
Actually , this is my profile for my top page .
I 'm afraid of this essay may sounds strange .
I 'm afraid this essay may sound strange .
If you are OK , would you correct these sentences ?
If it 's alright with you , would you correct these sentences ?

lady antebellum
I love a music .
I love music . / I love the music .
I like Lady Antebellum these days .
`` Need You Now ``
I 'll write the lyric .
picture perfect memories
scatter all around the floor
Reaching for the phone cause I ca n't fight it anymore
It 's a quter after one I 'm all alone and I need you now .
It 's a quarter after one I 'm all alone and I need you now .
said I could n't come but I lost all control and I need you now .
right ? I forgot the rest .
it 's good song .

I 'm under a great deal of stress .
Stress on studying have caused enteritis starting the day before yesterday .
The stress of study has caused enteritis starting the day before yesterday .
I feel a little bit pain in my stomach and have a slight fever .
I feel a little bit of pain in my stomach and have a slight fever .
And I 'm suffering from oily bowel movements .
I 'm sorry if I had made you unappetized .
I 'm sorry if I made you lose your appetite .
haha T ^ T
I dind 't mean to offend you .
I just wanted to use some expressions I learned yesterday under my situation .
I just wanted to use some expressions I learned yesterday because of my situation .
`` oily bowel movements ``

The smoking rate in Japan
The difference of the smoking rates between male and female in Japan is much wider than that in other countries surveyed .
The difference of the smoking rates between males and females in Japan is much wider than that in other countries surveyed .
One possible reason for this is that in Japan the number of women who work outside the home is smaller than that in other countries .
It seems to me , therefore , that the difference of the rates will disappear if more and more women begin to work outside the home .
It seems to me , therefore , the difference of the rates will disappear if more and more women begin to work outside the home .
I wrote this easy essay .
Could you correct this ?
I do n't understand how to use the word `` difference `` and its collocation .
Is this correct ?
a ) The difference will be wider .
b ) The difference will be smaller .

Yesterday , I browsed a Lang - 8 diary was written by Ms .
Yesterday , I browsed a Lang - 8 diary that was written by Ms .
zubasa ( URL ) .
She wrote about a TV - drama IRIS .
She wrote about a TV - drama called IRIS .
The drama was taken production cost for 1 . 5 billion yen , and it was starred by Mr .
The drama 's production cost was 1 . 5 billion yen , and Mr .
Lee Byung - Hun .
Lee Byung - Hun starred in it .
The drama will be broadcasted in Japan from tonight .
The drama will be broadcasted in Japan tonight .
I would like to watch this .
I would like to watch it .

what am I doing
it has lasted almost a month since my pc back ( a month ago it was dead , T _ T ) , everymorning I get up , the first thing I do is to tuen the pc on and then think what I am going to do .
My pc has lasted almost a month since I got it back ( a month ago it was dead , T _ T ) . Everymorning when I get up , the first thing I do is to turn the pc on and think what I am going to do .
when I finish the washing stuff , I just sit down , and check every blog of mine , Lang - 8 myspace xiaonei ( a Chinese campus communication website ) , QQspace and then check the ifeng getting on QQ skepe msn .
when all of these done , I fall in to confused again , have totally no ideal what I am going to do .
when all of these are done , I 'm confused again and have totally no idea what I am going to do .
yeah , actually there are lots of stuff need ne to finish , but I just ca n't focus my mind on them , I do n't want to read , do n't want to do paper work or something like that .
yeah , actually there are lots of stuff I need to finish , but I just ca n't focus my mind on them . I do n't want to read or do something like paperwork .
I even do n't know why I am staying here .
I do n't even know why I am staying here .
friends told me you guy must come back , do n't be like this , you are going to graduate soon , you must wake up , preparing for it . but I just ca n't .
My friends told me , `` You must come back . Do n't be like this . You are going to graduate soon . You must wake up , prepare for it . `` But I just ca n't .
what can I do ?
what can I do ?
I am really confused ! ! !
My friend .
Hi , How are you ?
My friend will go back to Taiwan tomorrow .
I 'm so sad . . .
I will go back to Japan in Sep 15th , but I do n't wanna go ! ! ! !
By the way , I went to the Lady Gaga 's concert .
It was fun and it was good experiance .
It was fun and it was good experience .
It was fun and it was a good experience .
She was hot .
I got a ticket for $ 60 .
It 's cheap , is n't it ? ?
Now I wanna go to seattle to watch the baseball game .
Now I wanna go to Seattle to watch the baseball game .
Have a nice day .

The first time ~
The first time ~
This is my first time to write this stuff .
This is my first time to write something here .
I hope this should be funny .
I hope this will be fun .
I would like to know someone new , and make some friendship by this .
I would like to meet someone new , and make some friendships here . .
It 's 8 : 19 am In Colombia ^ ^
It 's 8 : 19 AM in Colombia ^ ^
Today I want to go read my new book ! ! !
His name is `` Capitan Grisam y el amor `` , but I 'm boring and , I do n't know why T - T ? .

Snowing day
I like snowing day very much .
I like snowy days very much .
I like to see the snow flower dancing in the air and slowing down to the ground .
I like to see the snow flowers dancing in the air and slowing down to the ground .
I stretched my palm to wait the snow dancing to it and seized them to my mouth , of curse I would put a prune together , tasting the favors of salt , sour and sweet .
I stretched my palm to wait for the snow dancing to it and put it in my mouth ; of course I would put it in together with a prune , tasting the favors of salt , sour and sweet .
Nobody could desribe it at best .
And then you could see white snow full in everywhere , cleaning and bright .
And then you could see white snow everywhere , clean and bright .
It was so beautiful .
We all were so excited .
I still could remenber the first time I enjoyed the sonwing .
I still could remember the first time I enjoyed the snow .
That is twenty - five years ago , but I could still cearly described the scene of snowing night .
When my classmates and I decided to suffer our sleeping all night to crimb to the top of Seven - Star Mountain , we put on the heavy clothing all we had .
When my classmates and I decided to sacrifice our sleeping all night to climb to the top of Seven - Star Mountain , we put on all the heavy clothing we had .
When we went out our apartment , there were crowds paradin fully on the road .
When we went out to our apartment , there were crowds parading on the road .
We joined to the crowds and laughted ourselves crazy guys .
We joined to the crowds and laughted ourselves crazy .
It was a really nice time and we enjoyed it very much .
It was a really nice time and we enjoyed it very much .

I got a little saticeficed with speaking English .
I got a little satisfiedwith speaking English .
Yesterday our bussiness partner came Japan .
Yesterday our business partner came to Japan .
And we conducted a meeting .
Surely we discussed in English .
Surely we were able toconverse in English .
Since nowadays I study writing English on this page and I could speak better than before .
Since nowadays I study writing English on this page and I can speak better than before .
Nowadays I study writing English on this page , so I could speak better than before .
I suose that writing English is amost the same as speaking .
I suppose that writing English is amost the same as speaking .
I got a little saticeficed with that .
I got a little satisfiedwith that .

I ' studing English by wab lesson with the phirippine teacher .
I 'm studying English via web lesson with the Phillippino teacher .
I 'm studying English by web lesson with t a teacher from the Philippines .
They are kind very much .
They are very kind .
The web lesson is usefull and fun for me .
The web lesson is useful and fun for me .
But I know just a little words , so I ca n't question then .
I studied the use of the words `` how many / how much `` today .
countable word - use `` many ``
For countable words , use `` many `` .
uncountable word - use `` much ``
For uncountable words , use `` much `` .
I understood well .
But . . . . .
How about a cube suger or milk of packing ?
I think there are a contable words .
I think these are countable words .
What should I say in this case ?
And , what should I say to answer ?
Also , what should I say to answer ?

encourage me
Encourage me to study harder .
I do n't want to repeat more one year .
I do n't want to repeat one more year .

Studying english
Hi , My name is yu .
Hi , my name is Yu .
I live in Nara .
I have been studying English since the summer three years ago .
I had studied in self - study until now .
I have done self - study until now .
mostly , I had studied in the train when I had commuted to my office .
Mostly , I studied in the train when I commuted to my office .
I work in Kyoto .
for example , I had read some books of English words to remember the English words .
But I thought its difficult to master the English conversation and writing English note on that way .
But I realised that it will be difficult to master conversation and writing that way .
Then , I know this Web site .
I hope I will learn English more by using this Web site and make friends in foreign country .
Thank you .

Short films 103
Recently , the MTR has a short film competition .
Recently , the MTR had a short film competition .
Using `` 103 `` as a topic to make films .
Using `` 103 `` as a topic for the films .
It was quite funny and interesting . . . haha

Life . . . . . ^ o ^
No matter you are young or old .
No matter what , whetheryou are young or old ,
Life is what you creat .
Creative a different life just like adventure or stability .
That 's OK ! !
Try to do something special to make your life happier is more important .
Trying to do something that is special to make your life happier is the mostimportant thing .
Yell . . . .
just a way to explain we are the best of our own .
just a way to explain / express thatwe are the best of our own .

Busying live !
A Busy Life !
Busying live ! - > Life becomes busier
I feel that much things must finish , for example : my homework , my program , and so on .
I feel that many things must finish ; for example : my homework , my program , and so on .
I feel that there 're so many things I must finish , for example , my homework , my program and so on .
We have some course but I do n't want to on class because others thing seem like more important than it and my course is not interesting .
We have some course left but I do n't want to go to class because other things seem more important and my course is not interesting .
We have some course , but I do n't want to go to class , because other things seem more important to me than it and my course is not interesting .
Although I always go to class , I read my book and did n't listening my teacher 's said .
Although I always go to class , I read my book and do n't listen to what my teacher 's saying .
Recently , some classmates had cold so they did n't went to class .
Recently , some classmates had colds so they did n't go to class .
Recently some of my classmates had cold and they did n't go to class .
I used to run but have not enough times to run now .
I used to run , but I have not had enough time to do it lately .
I used to run , but I have not got enough time to run now .
Fortunate , I have a good body so can do much things however I feel to tire in this period .
Fortunately , I have a good body so I can do many things ; however , I feel too tired at the moment .
Busying live but it is happy !
It 's a busy life but it is happy !

I drink much water and buy 1 . 5 liter bottled Volvic every day on my wat to office .
I drink a lot of water and buy 1 . 5 liter bottled Volvic every day on my way to the office .
Some say I drink too much but I run in the evening and swear a lot ,
I suppose that keeps me slim and healty .

I 'm heading to Brisbane tomorrow .
I 've been with my boyfriend and his family for about 3 months in Warwick .
They are so good to me even though they 've had tough time for some reason .
They 've been so good to me even though they 've had some tough times recently .
I was crying when I hugged his mother to say good bye .
I cried when I hugged his mother goodbye .
I do n't wanna cry every important moment because I ca n't do both crying and saying important thing like ' I love you , thank you ' at the same time .
Anyway thanks a lot and see you again someday .
Keep in touch . ( That 's why I love facebook , even I can be a friend with boyfriend 's mother hahahaha ) Bye ~

I ate spaghetti , fried fish and salad for dinner .
They were very delicious .
It was very delicious .

Writing practice 2
I 'm studying for an English exam .
Please correct my writing .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
[ Question ]
You have heard that a developer plans to build a shopping center near your home .
Write a letter to the council .
In your letter
- say haw you heard about the plan
- explain how you feel about it
- ask for more information about it
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am a resident living near the Green Park .
I am writing to ask you about the plan that you are going to build a shopping center near the park .
I am writing to ask you about the plan to build a shopping center near the park .
I knew the plan today from reading the newspaper which you were explaining the plan at an interview .
I found out about the plan today by reading a newspaper article about an interview in which you were explaining the plan .
It did not sound good at all to me because I think you should have talked to the people who live around the park beforehand .
I am also afraid how the environment of this area will be , such as traffic and noise pollution .
I am also worried about what the effects on the environment of this area will be , such as traffic and noise pollution .
I would like to know the detail of the plan .
I would like to know the details of the plan .
And of course , I would like you to come and explain to the residence immediately .
Unless you do so and I agree the idea , I can not welcome the shopping center .
Unless you do so and I agree the idea , I will not welcome the shopping center .
I would be very grateful if you replied me in ten days .
I would be very grateful if you replied me within ten days .
I look forward hearing from you .
Sincerely ,

Please correct this diary : - )
Today , the rainy season has begun in Kobe , Japan .
Japanese climate is originally very humid , but in this season , it becomes more terrible !
The climate in japan is usually very humid , but in this season , it 's even worse !
My skin always feels sticky in this heat and humidity .
I wanna go somewhere whose weather is clear .
I wanna go somewhere where the weather is clearer .

No corrected in writing . . .
I started to write a diary in lang - 8 , but the number of corrected times is only one times . . .
I started writing a diaryo n lang - 8 , but the number of corrected times is only one . . .
Is there any trick in order to be corrected by someone well ?
Is there any trick to getting corrected by someone well ?
It would had better that I get in a premium member . . .
It would have been better if I had gotten a a premium membership . . .

my uncle was married .
It was pouring rain yesterday .
My uncle has 39 years old .
My uncle is 39 years old .
He had married his wife finally .
She was from North Korea .
When I first heard that I was surprised .
I thought that it is only other person .
I thought that that could happen only to other people ( ? ? )
Anyway , my family of father , mother and me went to grandmother 's house .
My family stayed at moment that .
And we went to in wedding place .
And we went to the wedding place .
These were started wedding at 11 .
The wedding started at 11 .
After wedding took pictures .
After the wedding we took pictures .
Next These were started wedding of korea traditional .
Next , the traditional Korean wedding started .
We could have afternoon lately .
`` Congratulation the wedding ``

Hello everybody ! !
Hello , everybody ! !
hello , today I was busy in my work but I have days free , today for example I was very busy but I think tomorrow I have a little more of time for writing .
I have gotten home and I am tired with a little sleep , now I going take shower and sleep

The picture
I took part in a performance which were made to welcome the fresh - men .
I took part in a performance which was made to welcome the freshmen .
The sitcom I danced was about the `` 5 . 12 `` violent earthquake , showing that a teacher saved her student at the last second , and the girl found the teacher in Heaven , their dancing in Heaven push the performance to the climax .
The performance I danced in was about the `` 5 . 12 `` violent earthquake . It was about a teacher who saved her student at the last second , and the girl found the teacher in Heaven where they danced together , pushing the performance to its climax .
The actor I played were a angel , and there were ten angels at all .
We testimonied the extremely strong affection between the teacher and the little girl , we send our best wishes to the great teacher .
The play is a testimonial to the strong affection between the teacher and the little girl .
The picture is the last scene .
This picture is from the last scene .
I love the dance !
I loved the dance !
It was my honor to take the participate in the performance , and I made friends with every actors of the dance , including the little gir , the teacher and the other angels .
It was my honor to participate in the performance , and I made friends with all of hte actors including the little girl , the teacher , and the other angels .
I think it is unforgetable for me forever .

Admirable celebrities
There are many celebrities with great talent in this world .
Some singers have a talent for music , and some athletes have a talent for sports .
Ichiro is one of the celebrities I admire the most , because he is very hardworking .
He is a famous Japanese baseball player and is currently a member of Seattle Mariners .
He is a famous Japanese baseball player and is currently a member of the Seattle Mariners .
He has a startling talent for baseball already , but he continues practicing very hard to keep himself motivated .
As a result , he 's gotten more than 200 hits each year for nine years in a row after his debut in MLB .
When it comes to the past admirable famous person , I think of Mother Teresa .
When it comes to past admirable famous people , I think of Mother Teresa .
She dedicated herself to helping the people who was poor or sick .
She dedicated herself to helping people who were poor or sick .
She did a lot of work for charity .
I think the number of children and their parents who care about only themselves has been increasing recently .
Her whole life definitely can tell the significance of helping other people to them .
Her whole life can definitely teach them the significance of helping other people .
I 'd like to be a diligent and generous person like Ichiro and Mother Teresa .
Which famous person do you admire a lot ?

difficult
I necessary to reply email in English .
It is necessary for me to reply to emails in English .
But my English is bad I know .
But I know that my English is bad .
I feel a pressure very much .
I 'm very stressed .
Can I get through them . . . .
Thanks .

At Work on the middle of Holidays .
At work on the middle of the holidays .
At Work During Holidays .
I 'm at work now even though it 's the middle of chusuk holidays .
I 'm at work now even though it 's the middle of the chusuk holidays .
I was instructed to go to work because it rained severely yesterday .
My higher officer might 've been worried about any damage to the buildings and his men .
My higher officer have been worried about any damage to the building and his men .
It 's very quite and piece today except for a the cloudy sky .
It 's very quiet and peaceful today except for the cloudy sky .
It 's very quiet and peaceful today except for a the cloudy sky .
There seem to be no damages to our company .
There seems to be no damage to our company .
There seems to be no damage to our company .
Despite the fact , I have to be here because I was told like that .
Despite the fact , I have to be here because I was told that .
Despite the fact , I have to be here because I was told so .
I originally planed to visit my relatives who live in Seoul and near my place today .
I originally planed to visit my relatives today . They live in Seoul , which is near my place .
I originally planed to visit my relatives today . They lived in Seoul , which was near my place .
I miss not visiting and meeting them today .
I miss them . I wish I could have visited them today .
I wanted to visit and meet them today .
I ca n't do nothing but call them and say hello .
The only thing I can do is call them and say hello .
I could do nothing but called them and said hello .
You who read this entry might also be at work .
Whoever read this entry , might also be at work .
When reading this entry , you might also be working today .
You however might spend your Wednesday on the weekdays .
You however might spend your Wednesdays off of work .
That 's the difference to / from / with ( ? ) me .
That would be the difference between you and ( ? ) me .
That 's the difference
I turned the radio on and am listening to AFKN , a channel for US army in Yongsan .
I turned the radio on , and am listening to AFKN , a channel for the US army in Yongsan .
I turned the radio on and am listening to AFKN , a channel for US army in Yongsan .
It 's available in English so I do n't understand much but it 's broadcasting a lot of good popsongs .
It 's in in English , so I do n't understand much , but it 's broadcasting a lot of good popsongs .
It 's in English . So although I do n't understand much , I could still enjoy a lot of good popsongs it broadcast .
I totally enjoy that much .
I totally enjoy that !
Have a nice day .
Have a nice day !

Eyestrain
Recently , There are lessons using computer .
Recently , I have done some lessons using a computer .
I kept using computer for the while morning today .
I kept using the computer for a while this morning .
So My eyes are very tired .
So my eyes are very tired .
I think my eyes should rest frequently .

11 / 06 / 04 Sat . `` Today And Tomorrow ``
It 's sunny today , I washed clothes and hanged out these and a mattress .
It 's sunny today , I washed clothes . I hung out the clothes and a mattress .
Tomorrow , I will work because I had to finish a work but I could n't finish the work . .
Tomorrow , I will work because I have to finish a task that I have n't finished yet .

Supplementary lectures
Today , I have a supplement lectures .
Today , I have supplement lectures .
Naturally today is holiday .
Naturally today is a holiday .
So , I feel heavy .
However , I have to stand !

Hello ! ( self introduction )
Hello ^ ^
I 'm university students .
I 'm a university student .
Year is junior in college .
I 'm in my junior year of college .
I 'm poor for speaking foreign language , but I like Traveling abroad and interested in international communication .
I 'm bad at speaking foreign languages , but I like traveling abroad and I 'm interested in international communication .
I stayed abroad at England for 1month .
I stayed in England for a month .
And I have visited the Hawaii and South Korea in travel .
And I have visited Hawaii and South Korea .
I want to go to trip !
I want to go on a trip !
to your country .
( I wish I could write good self introduction in English . )
( I wish I could write a good self introduction in English . )

Hair Color .
I 'd like to try to dye from blown to bronze ( My hair color is black in born ) , apart from whether it suits to me ^ ^
I 'd like to try to dye my hair from brown to bronze ( I was born with black hair ) , apart from whether it suits me or not ^ ^
Because I 'm jealous of foreigners who have bronze hair .
I wish bronze hair would suit to me lol
I wish bronze hair would suit me lol
But there are two problems .
One is that dying hair gives damage to my hair , another is the case that bronze hair does n't suit to me .
One is that dying hair damages my hair , another is that bronze hair does n't suit me .
Though I like my natural hair color , black , I want to attempt to dye .
Although I like my natural hair color , black , I want to attempt to dye my hair .
Will my face look like foreigner 's ?
I hope so ^ ^

legal research
I did n't write any words for quite a long time since I left here .
I did n't write any English words for quite a long time since I left here .
Recently I enter a law firm and start my career as a lawyer .
But recently , I entered a law firm and started my career as a lawyer .
It is not easy to handle well with the partner 's assignment .
It is not easy for me to handle the partner 's assignment well .
For example , I draft the legal research titled as mining investment in Phlippine .
For example , I draft some legal research titled `` Mining Investment in the Philippines `` .
There are some problems I want to discuss :
What is the standard for good legal research in English ?
What about the structure , body and points should be ?
How to achieve the goal as making a good legal reseach ?
I am intrested in BBC TV series .
I am interested in BBC TV series .
Is it a good idea to attend subtitling group ?
Is it a good idea to attend a subtitling group ?

Do you know DORAEMON ?
He really likes to eat Dorayaki .
It is similar to sandwich , put bean paste between sweet bread .
This year is Rabbit year . ( based on Oriental custom )
So Dorayaki has Rabiit print .
So Dorayaki has Rabbit designs .
My eldest son ate a lot of Dorayaki like as DRAEMON .
My eldest son ate a lot of Dorayaki like DORAEMON .

I started Lang - 8 .
About me .
I am Japanese student .
I like playing the guitar .
And I like death metal , grindcore and goregrind .
And I also like death such types of music as metal , grindcore and goregrind .
And I like anime .
Today 's journal entry lost
My dairy lost due to the server down after I click `` sumit `` button . . T . T
My dairy was lost due to the server being down after I clicked the `` submit `` button .
I have no way but re - write although it is 11 : 30 PM which is late for me . . .
I have no way but re - write it , and it is now 11 : 30 PM which is late for me . . .
Finally I finished payroll calculation of Augest on time .
I finally finished the payroll calculation for August on time .
Oh , I forget to introduce that I work with human resourse department and I have beening working in this function after I graduated from university .
Oh , I forgot to introduce that I work in the human resource department , and have been since I graduated from college .
Payroll calculation and delivery with timely and accurate manner is one of my tasks .
Currently there are more than 350 staffs work in our facility and for me , it takes at least 2 days to complete payroll caculation and report submission every month .
Currently there are more than 350 employees staffed in our facility , and for me , it takes at least 2 days to complete payroll calculation prior to submission each month .
There is an on - line HR system launched last year to facilitate the payroll process , improve accuracy and save time on mass data processing by updating system the basic personnel information , including but not limited to staff movement , salary adjustment .
There is an online HR system that was launched last year to facilitate the payroll process , improve accuracy and save time on mass data processing by updating basic personnel information , including but not limited to staff movement and salary adjustment .
But still , I keep on doing payroll calculation in Excel format at the same as a self - counter - check - tool to make sure 100 % accuracy .
Obviously it costs my time , but I am willing to do .
Because I do n't want to make any mistake and I hate be challenged by others in case I did wrong .
The end of today .
I am going to save above in Microsoft word before posting .
I am going to save the above in Microsoft Word before posting .

Today , I went to library to study English .
Today , I went to the library to study English .
On the way to it high school students were playing baseball in stadium .
On the way to it , high school students were playing baseball in the stadium .
I was watching it for a while because they seemed to enjoy it .
I watched it for a while because they seemed to enjoy it .
And I got a cup of tea from their mother .
Thanks for mom !
Thanks mom !

A radiological dosage in Tokyo is as usual by measurement at 19th .
The radiation level in Tokyo is as usual according to measurement on the19th .
The news said that milk and spinach were irradiated .
If we take them the average amount of a year , the total amount is as much as getting one CTscan .
But Japanese government requested not to forward .
But Japanese government requested not to go ( ? ) forward .
I can do only pray .
I can only pray .
Rolling blackouts force us stagnate works .
Rolling blackouts force us to stop work .
There is no other way .
We should do our best .

New comer ! !
Today , I met a new staff member in our office .
Today , I met the new staff member in our office .
She is 26 years old and she is so cute ! !
How small her face is !
Her face is so small !
Her face is so small !
Her face is so small !
It 's size is about One - third of mine . . .
It 's about one - third the size of mine . . .
It 's about one - third smaller than my face . . .
It 's about one - third smaller than my face . . .
I had a lunch with her and colleagues of our department to welcome her .
I had a lunch with her and some other colleagues from our department to welcome her .
I had lunch with her and the colleagues of our department came to welcome her .
I had lunch with her and the colleagues of our department came to welcome her .
She has been living in Tokyo for a year and a half .
She has to get used to her new job as soon as possible .
She has to get used to her new job as soon as possible ,
So I have to help her .
so I will have to help her .
Tomorrow I will make a speech in the morning meeting .
Tomorrow , I will make a speech in morning meeting .
Now , I will prepare for it . .
Now , I will go prepare for it . . .

Grand father 's house ~
My Grandfather 's House
Yesterday before , I went to my grandfather 's house to stay with my friends .
The day before yesterday , I went to my grandfather 's house to stay with my friends .
Father 's home is in KangWonDo , suburban .
My ( grand ? ) father 's home is in the suburb of Kang Won Do .
There is a market to take about 30minute on foot .
And sometimes cell phone does n't work because there are many mountain .
And sometimes my cell phone does n't work because there are so many mountains nearby .
Despite a littel inconvenient , there is clean air , water , and very beautiful scenary .
Although it is a little inconvenient , there is clean air , water , and very beautiful scenery .
We were had a good time .
We had a good time .
But , the next day , we could n't go to home because there were too many rain to go home , roads to seoul were blocked .
But the next day , we could n't go home , because there was too much rain and the roads to Seoul were blocked .
Fortunately , we could go to home for stop rain .
Fortunately , we could go home once the rain stopped .
If good , weather , I wish go there again .
If the weather is good , I would like to go there again .

Ultra Orange & Emmanuelle
I bought a CD titled `` Ultra Orange & Emmanuelle `` by Amazon .
I really like a song `` Sing Sing `` the best .
I really like the song `` Sing Sing `` the best .
Emmanuelle Seigner , an French actress , is lead vocalist of the band .
Emmanuelle Seigner , a French actress , is the lead vocalist of the band .
The way she sings is very sexy and adorable .
The reason why I bought this CD is only her voice .
The reason why I bought this CD was only her voice .
I saw a movie titled `` The Diving Bell and the Butterfly `` last week , the movie future their song `` Do n't Kiss Me Goodbye `` .
I saw a movie titled `` The Diving Bell and the Butterfly `` last week . The movie features their song `` Do n't Kiss Me Goodbye `` .
( This movie was also very good ! )
That 's why I liked it very much , and immediately place an order .

TOEIC Experience
Today 146th TOEIC was taken place and I took it .
Today , the 146th TOEIC took place and I took it .
I marked all answer , but I do n't know what score I will get .
I marked all the answers , but I do n't know what score I will get .
For the preparation , I exercised them and read grammar books , instead of writing journals .
For preparation , I practiced the exam and read grammar books , instead of writing journals .
I 'm not sure I can get some accuracy for grammar and gain my vocabulary through the exercise .
I 'm not sure if I can get gain more accuracy for my grammar and my vocabulary through the exercise .
But I clearly understand I need more speed for reading English .
But I clearly understand that I need to improve my reading speed of English .
When I asked some questions about this test for my English teacher , he answered so fast , so quickly .
When I asked my English teacher questions about the test , he answered so fast , so quickly .
In the exam room , I can see that some test takers were reading books for preparation and strategy .
It was bit strange for me , because these books were written in Japanese and they were reading Japanese more than English .
It was a bit strange for me , because these books were written in Japanese and they were reading Japanese more than English .
Many people say that concentration and speed are needed for this test .
So , why not will they be able to be sucessful by reading Japanese ?
So , how will they be sucessful if they read Japanese ?
I admit thare are many frequent words in this exam and canditates can earn more scores by being knowledgeable for these words .
But newspapers in English have more rich resource of vocabulary .
But newspapers in English have a much richer source of vocabulary .
Therefore , TOEIC is just a turning point .
Therefore , the TOEIC is just a turning point .
From this test experience , I noticed that I can imagine the situation in the questions .
I want to improve this skill as possible as I can !
I want to improve this skill as much as I can !
I 'm tired now , so I 'll comment for my past journals .
I 'm tired now , so I 'll comment on my past journals .
Thank you for correcting my journals , always .
Thank you for correcting my journals .

this is my first diary
Spring is comming !
It 's getting warmer in Japan .
There are many cherry blossoms
There are a lot of cherry blossoms
which is the symbol of spring in Japan .
which symbolize spring time in Japan .
I found this site today ,
and I hope I could write better English .
and I hope I 'll be able to write better English .
I also hope to teach Japanese too .
I hope to teach Japanese too .

Chatting is difficult for people than they think .
Chatting is difficult for people more than what they think .
A book in which tips of chatting is written is selled very much in Japan .
A book in which tips about chatting is written is very much sold in Japan .

Get books
I rarely go to Vancouver , becouse it takes 4 hours from my town .
I rarely go to Vancouver because it takes 4 hours from my town .
So I 'm always bussy for shopping , when I stay in there .
So I 'm always busy shopping when I stay there .
So I 'm always busy shopping , when I go there .
I definitely get a lot of Japanese books in `` Book Off `` .
I definitely get a lot of Japanese books at `` Book Off `` .
It 's a Japanese used books shop .
I can get Japanese books at a cheap price .
I usually bought novels and I like all kinds of it , for example I like mistery , adventure , S .
I usually buy novels and I like all kinds of them For example , I like mystery , adventure , S .
F . , nonfiction , horror . . .
Searching books is really exciting . xD
Searching for books is really exciting . xD
Searching for books is really exciting . xD
I always enjoy looking for it .
I always enjoy looking for them .
I always enjoy looking for them .

Japanese never know Japan
I had many times to loss answer for question from foreigner about Japan .
I am living in Tokyo Japan .
I am living in Tokyo , Japan .
But I do n't watch Japanese Dorama or anime .
But I do n't watch Japanese dramas or anime .
But I do n't watch Japanese Drama or anime .
Similarly I do n't familiar with J Rock .
Similarly , I am not familiar with J Rock .
Talking about music , I rather familiar with Europe and American music .
Talking about music , I 'm more familiar with European and American music .
Talking about music , I am rather familiar with Europe and American music .
Talking with other countries people is equal to studying my own country , is n't it ?

I 'm Happy !
My diary was commented a lot !
Because my diary got a lot of comments !
It is difficult to study English composition at self - education .
It is difficult to study English composition myself / alone .
It is difficult to learn English composition through self - study .
So Lang - 8 is very very great ! ! ! !
So Lang - 8 is great ! ! ! ! Or `` useful ``
So Lang - 8 is really great ! ! ! !
I do my best to study English ! !
I will do my best to study English ! !
I 'll do my best studying English ! !

Last winter holidays
I write the diary in English for the first time .
I write this diary in English for the first time .
I have been studying English since the grade - schooler .
I have been studying English since the elementary school .
However , it is not good at it .
However , it is I was not good at it .
It is the last winter holidays today .
I have finished my homework already .
I think that I worked hard well .
I think that I worked really hard .

Cut my hair
I went for cut my hair to the hair salon yesterday .
I went to the hair salon for a hair cut yesterday .
I went for a haircut at the hair salon yesterday .
I have 3 photos of Ringo Sina , and so I had request to the beauty artist .
I had 3 photos of Ringo Sina , and so I made a request to the beauty artist .
I have 3 photos of Ringo Sina , so I made a request to the beauty artist .
I had three photos of Ringo Shiina , and so I made a request to the stylist .
`` May you cut my hair look like her ? `` .
`` Can you cut my hair to look like her ? `` .
`` Can you cut my hair to look like hers ? `` .
`` Can you cut my hair to look like hers ? `` .
He looked her photos in many times , and he was cutting my hair .
He looked at her photos many times , and then he was cutting my hair .
He looked at her photos many times , and he started cutting my hair .
He looked at her photos many times , and he cut my hair .
His salon is small , but he has good technic .
His salon is small , but he has a good technique .
His salon is small , but he has good technique .
His salon is small , but he has good technique .
And hair cut finished , I saw my hair on the mirror .
And when my hair cut was finished , I looked at my hair in the mirror .
After he finished cutting my hair , I looked at it in the mirror .
When he finished cutting my hair , I saw it in the mirror .
I felt became lightened with my heart and hair .
My heart and my hair felt lighter .

2011 / 7 / 24
Terrorist attacks occurred in Norway .
About 90 people are killed .
About 90 people were killed .
Why he attacked innocent people ?
Why did he attack innocent people ?
I do n't know what he thought .
I do n't know what he was thinking .
Can people have a gun in Norway ?
Can people own a gun in Norway ?
If it were no gun , it would n't be happened terrorist attack .
If there were no guns , there would n't be any terrorist attacks .
I think guns are not necessary .
I think guns are unnecessary .
Thank you .

Against metaboric
In Japan , metaboric is big issue for adulthood .
In Japan , obesity is a big issue for adults .
Of course It 's big issue for me .
Of course , It 's a big issue for me .
Of course it 's a big issue for me .
Usually I go to gym for keeping good shape ,
Usually I go to the gym to keep in good shape ,
Usually I go to gym to keep in shape ,
but my weight still remains to be the same .
but my weight still stays the same .
but my weight still remains the same .
My friend advised me to run , do sit - up and abdominal exercise
My friend told me to run , do sit - ups and abdominal exercises
My friend advised me to run , do sit - ups and abdominal exercises
everyday .
So I started them right now .
So I just now started doing them .
So I started them .
I ' ve been exercising them in three days .
I 've been exercising that way for three days .
I 've been doing them for three days .
By the next summer I ' d like to show my firm muscle .
By next summer , I ' d like to show off my firm muscles .
By the next summer I 'd like to show my firm muscle .

Favorite thing
The correction of the diary is also considerably difficult .
I try to challenge many times .
I tried to challenge many times .
On another note ,
I was making the game and making the web site .
My job is to mak games and web site .
It was work .
Therefore , I like Japanese - manga and video game .
Therefore , I like Japanese - manga and video games .
I like music and go for a walk too .
I like to listen to music and go for a walk too .
I will play a video game on xbox today .
I will play a video game with xbox today .
And , I think that I go for a walk .
And , I am thinking to go for a walk .

Do n't know what to write . . .
I 've just noticed that I have n't written since last year .
I want to write everyday , but sometimes I do n't know what to write , and others , when I start to write I find difficults because I do n't know how to say something and I do n't finish it .
I want to write everyday , but sometimes I do n't know what to write . Other times , when I start to write , I do n't know how to say something and I do n't finish it .
I think I need to study more and to learn more vocabulary .
I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary .
I think I need to study more and learn more vocabulary .
I usually watch films and series in english with subtitles .
I usually watch films and series in English with subtitles .
Now I am watching Lost , and I think I could understand the most part without subs .
Now I am watching Lost , and I think I could understand most of it without subs .
Now I am watching the series entitled `` Lost `` and I think I can understand for the most part without the subtitles .
I am tired , so I am going to dinner and watch one Lost episode before go to bed .
I am tired , so I am going to have dinner and watch one Lost episode before I go to bed .
I am tired , so I am going to dinner and then I will watch one episode of `` Lost `` before go to bed .
It is so interesting ! .
And , I have one question , what is it the difference between `` town `` and `` city `` ?
I have one question though , what is it the difference between a `` town `` and a `` city `` ?
I also have one question , what is it the difference between `` town `` and `` city `` ?

I have been out of the loop .
I have been a little busy and I have not written or corrected much lately .
I have been a little busy and I have not written nor corrected much lately .
I have been a little busy and I have neither written nor corrected much lately .
I am having my mid - semester attitude .
I am a little stressed .
It is Sunday night and I do not want the week to begin .

Start Lang - 8
I just started Lang - 8 , So I want to studing English and French .
I 've just started using Lang - 8 . I want to study English and French .
I look forward to experience in Lang - 8 !
I 'm looking forward to experiencing Lang - 8 !

See You Next Year !
See You Next Year !
My Floridian friend returned to his country .
My Floridian friend returned to his country .
I really really miss him .
I really really miss him .
When I look at stuff that he had used in my house , I always remember him .
When I looked at the things that he had used in my house , I remembered him .
There are too many memories in my house .
There are too many memories in my house .
When I see his green sandals that he left in my house , I start to want to cry to remember him .
When I saw his green sandals that he left in my house , I cried and thought about him .
It 's really tough for me to stand crying .
It 's hard on me also .
In two months I had great time with him .
Thanks Zac for the 2 months we had together .
I would love to say him thank you so much from the bottom of my heart .
I would love to tell him : Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart .

My good friends
I have some good friends .
I like share with they my live .
I like sharing my life with them .
Now , I and they by QQ online chat .
Now they chat with me online on QQ .
I hope in Lang - 8 I make more friends .
I hope I make more friends on Lang - 8 .

Thank you for your e - mail .
I sometimes got e - mails from my former colleagues .
Some persons has gone to other section and someone has come to my former section .
Some persons have gone to other section and someone has come to my former section .
I am the one of the person who has gone .
I am the one of the persons who has gone .
However people still in the section are talking about me and send me a e - mail .
However people who are still in the section are talking about me and send me e - mails .
I thank to all of my former colleagues .
I thank my former colleagues .
I was and am now supported by a lot of people .
I was and am supported by a lot of people .

I want to make an animation a few dialogue .
I want to make an animation using very few dialogues .
I want to make animation a few dialogue , because I want to make world - class productions .
I want to make an animation using very few dialogues , because I want to make world - class productions .
I know it 's difficult to do , but I keep trying it .
I know it 's difficult to do , but I will keep trying it .
Someday I will make a loved production ( animation ) in the world like `` Steamboat Willie `` .

Please kill each other as long as you want .
I read an article on a newspaper about the Japanese economy two days ago .
I read an article in a newspaper about the Japanese economy two days ago .
Many Japanese university students protested against the Japanese government and companies .
Now they are feeling that Japanese young people are shut out of high standard jobs .
These students are hunting jobs now .
As you already know , Japan became the super aging society , old people who will retire a few years later are very desperate to protect their positions in their own companies .
As you already know , Japan became the super aging society , and old people who will retire a few years later are very desperate to protect their positions in their own companies .
For old people , young job applicants and workers are just nuisance , because If young workers enter a company , the company may fire old workers who have been taking good payments for a long time .
For old people , young job applicants and workers are just nuisance , because If young workers enter a company , the company may fire old workers who have been taking good pay for a long time .
Old workers are afraid of it .
Older workers are afraid of it .
So sometimes old workers bully young workers until new workers quite .
So sometimes old workers bully young workers until new workers qui .
Old people always dare to give us useless lectures , like `` Contemporary young people do n't make efforts at all `` and `` They want to get only high standard jobs , there are many jobs they can do , even though payments are not good , why are their ideal so high ? `` Maybe they have never read job advertisements at all .
Old people always dare to give us useless lectures , like `` Contemporary young people do n't make efforts at all `` and `` They want to get only high standard jobs , there are many jobs they can do , even though payments are not good , why are their ideal so high ? `` . Maybe they have never read job advertisements at all .
I want to say to them that if old people could sweep the road every day with only 1 . 5k salary without bonus , I could accept these shitty opinions .
But of course none of old workers want to do such a miserable job .
So just shut up stupid old men .
Old people can not make the next times , only young people can do it , and a country whcih ca n't give chances to young people at all will collapse soon .
Please pay attention about the number of Japanese suicides , it will probably be double this year .
Why do not any riots occur in Japan ?
If it were America or Europe , some people would lead riots or bloody revolutions .
Japanese workers are very easy to control , they seldom complain about their working conditions .
They look like dogs .
They do n't have dicks and bowls .
They do n't have dicks and bowls . > > balls ?

`` to win over ``
Hi everyone .
Thank you for your advice for my PC .
Thank you for your advice on my PC .
I have n't investigated my PC closely yet .
I have n't investigated it closely yet .
It ends up on the back - burner .
It has ended up on the back - burner .
( < - - Is this sentence correct ?
I used `` on the back - burner `` for the first time . )
It might be the same as some people postpone going to the hospital when they do n't feel well because of busyness .
It might be the same as when some people postpone going to the hospital when they do n't feel well because of busyness .
On my previous entry , I asked about `` to persuade `` and `` to convince . ``
In my previous entry , I asked about [ the difference between ] `` to persuade `` and `` to convince . ``
Thanks to all of your explanations , I understood well the difference .
Thanks to all of your explanations , I understood the difference well .
Thanks to all of your explanations , I understood the difference .
Then , yesterday , I learned a new idiom , `` to win over . ``
I think it is very similar to `` to persuade `` or `` to convince . ``
So I 'd like to confirm whether my understanding is correct or not .
I used the same example sentences as ones on the previous entry , and replaced `` persuade / convince `` with `` win over . ``
1 ) There 's no upside to it .
So we need to win our boss over in another way .
So we need to win our boss over another way .
2 ) If we can win the customer over to order more , we can offer a larger discount .
3 ) - A .
Unless you can win me over that it 's a bad idea , I 'm going to approve the purchase .
3 ) - B .
Unless you can win me over to believe that it 's a bad idea , I 'm going to approve the purchase .
Do these make sense ?

English lesson !
I will take an English lesson at Turry 's coffee , today .
I will take an English lesson at Turry 's coffee shop today .
It is 2 times .
It is the second time .
I do n't use text book and dictionary .
I do n't use any text book or dictionary .
We talk about anything topics .
We talk about anyth topics .
I found the teacher from website that is `` my sensei .
I found the teacher on a website called `` my sensei .
My teacher is lady , she is 28 years old .
My teacher is a 28 year old woman .
My teacher is a 28 - year - old lady .
She is nice for me .
She is nice to me .
But , its cost is 4800 per 1 hour .
But , it costs 4800 per hour .
However , it costs 4800 per hour .
Is it expensive ? ?
Wow , I have to draw money from a bank ! ! ! !
Wow , I have to draw money from bank ! ! ! !
I gon na go !
I got ta go !
Ego and other person
Ego and Other People
I have a German colleague .
I am still studying English , so it is difficult for me to chat with him .
I talked to him only when he seemed to look for something or to be embarrassed because he did not know how to use a machine .
I thought that we should be kind to him , because he was a newcomer .
I said to him `` can I help you ? `` or `` what are you looking for ? ``
I said to him , `` Can I help you ? `` or `` What are you looking for ? ``
I know where all the material are and how to use all the machine .
At welcome party , he said to me that he was surprised to be given a hand by me .
At the welcome party , he told me that he was surprised that I gave him a hand .
I am not sure that I completely understood what he told to , but I would like to summarized what he said .
I am not sure that I completely understood what he told me , but I would like to summarize what he said .
They value the autonomy .
They value autonomy .
They do not give a hand to other person without one 's demand .
They do not give a hand to another person without being asked .
They help one pleasantly when he asks for help .
They think that he does not need to help when he says anything .
They think that he does not need help if he does n't say anything .
I was surprised to hear that .
`` We have to guess and to do what they want to do . ``
`` We have to be kind to embarrassed person . ``
These are common thinking in Japan .
These are common ways of thinking in Japan .
I took care of him with a Japanese way .
I tried to help him in the Japanese way .
That was a culture shock .
This was culture shock for me .
It is very difficult to communicate with aliens .
It is very difficult to respect one 's way .
Thank you .

Breakthrough
It has been a long time since I became uncertain of the orchestra conducting , but today I learned something .
It has been a while already since I became uncertain of orchestra conducting , but today I learned something .
Something very important .
Maybe it can be a breakthrough .
Maybe it will be a breakthrough .
Tangled thread in my head may be unraveled .
A tangled thread in my head may be unraveled .
I found I was excited in the train back to Tokyo .
I found myself feeling excited in the train back to Tokyo .
Whether I can get hold of it or not depends on how I spend everyday .
Whether I can get hold of it or not depends on how I spend everyday .

Home coming
I went to my parents ' house with my family today .
When I woke up , I completely feel good .
When I woke up , I felt extremely good .
I think it 's because of going to bed early .
I think it 's because I went to bed early .
Therefore I did n't need to cancel the trip .
We went there for helping my parents ' work .
We went there to help my parents ' work .
We went there to help with my parents ' work .
Today was the last day of making green tea .
It was a little bit hard work though , we enjoyed helping them out .
Though it was a little bit hard work , we enjoyed helping them out .
Though it was a little bit of hard work , we enjoyed helping them out .
I guess I can sleep tight tonight and feel better and better tomorrow .
I guess I can sleep tight tonight and feel much better tomorrow .

Blood donation
Yesterday I donated my blood , hoping my bloodcan save someone 's life , for the first year in 2011 .
Yesterday , I donated my blood , hoping it could save someone 's life , for the first time in the year 2011 .
Japanese Constitution allow anyone whose ageis over16 to donate blood of 200cc .
The Japanese Constitution allows anyone whose age is over 16 to donate200cc of blood .

I will give surprise to her at the Christmas .
I will give her a surprise at Christmas .

a dream of red mansion
last night our teacher talked about the dream of red mansition with us .
Last night our teacher talked about the Dream of Red Mansion with us .
this novel was one of the most famous novels written by Cao XueQin who lived in Qin Dynasty .
This novel was one of the most famous novels written by Cao XueQin who lived in Qin Dynasty .
The novel is very similar to his life .
this novel now has several versions .
This novel now has several versions .
but I think the first version is the most popular .
However , I think that the first version is the most popular .
recenty , another director make another version .
Recently , another director made another version .
This one like a nightmare .
This one is like a nightmare .
This one was a nightmare .
make up and music are very horrible like a ghost film .
The make up and music was very horrible like a ghost film .
the actor and actree are very young so they do n't know how to perform this tv show .
The actors and actresses are very young so they do n't know how to perform this tv show .
the dialogue almost repeat from the novel .
The dialogue is almost repeated exactly from the novel .
there are many voiceover throughtout the tv show .
There are many voice overs through out the tv show .

Two things at the same time
I 'm not good at doing two things at the same time .
I need to prepare the exam related to my work which I 'm going to take next week .
I need to prepare for an exam related to my work which I 'm going to take next week .
I also want to take more time for learning English , but I ca n't manage to do both of them .
I also want to make more time for learning English , but I ca n't manage to do both of them .
I wish I could be a little better to do multiple tasks .
I wish I could be a little better at multi - tasking .

Graduation .
driving schools graduated last week .
I graduated from driving school last week .
I want to take a licens soon !
I want to get my license soon !
my mom 's comic dream
I m interested in japan and korean culture .
I 'm interested in japanese and korean culture .
so , I m struggle with learning this languages .
I love animes and mangas .
I love anime and manga .
nowadays , I m watching korean dramas . I think it s sensetive which has good moral . korean directors has own style . they are succeed that glued me to screen . : ) )
in Turkey , some k - dramas broadcast on tv . my mom addicted to `` wind of the palace `` . while I m studying , she distracts me and wants to watch next part of it . : ) ) ( because she is curious and have to wait until next week for the next part )
and she has interesting and comic dreams about me . I dont know why me , why not my bro . : (
in her dream , I m married to an asian man . we have children who are cute , adorable and have slanty eyes . they teach her using chopsticks . . . she laughed me a lot .
I just said `` God knows `` .

Should Japan focus more on relations with other Asian nations ?
I think Japan should focus more on relations with other nations because there are several reasons why I think so .
I think Japan should focus more on relations with other nations for several reasons .
Firstly , Japan should have a good relationship with China and Korea because their economies are also getting bigger and Japan should export more products , such as automobiles and electrical products .
So , economy in Asia will get bigger .
Secondly , in Asian nations , Japan is the only advanced nation so Japan should show other nations about how to deal with internationa relations with European nations and the United States .
Secondly , among Asian nations , Japan is the only advanced nation , so Japan should show other nations how to deal with international relations with European nations and the United States .
Japan has a lot of experience dealing with European nations and North America because Japan has been the member of the United Nations and Japan is an advanced nation .
Japanese people have been working hard and politicians and diplomats have been making good relations with United Stated and European nations .
Japanese people are hard - working and our politicians and diplomats have had good relations with the United Stated and European nations .
In conclusion , I talked about two things in the speech .
One was Japan should focus more on relations with other Asian nations because Japan should take a role as a leading nation in Asian countires .
One was that Japan should focus more on relations with other Asian nations because Japan should take a role as a leading nation among Asian countries .
The other reason was Japan knows a lot about relations with European nations and America so we should use the advantage to communicate and have a good relation with other nations .
The other reason was that Japan knows a lot about relations with European nations and America , so we should use the advantage to communicate and have a good relationship with other nations .

I Cleaned Up My Desk in the Office .
My desk in the office is usually much neater than most of my colleagues .
My desk in my office is usually much neater than most of my colleagues ' desks .
However a lot of hardcopy documents have been piled up on my desk and the drawer has been full of them recently .
However a lot of ( hardcopy ) documents have been piling up on my desk and the drawer is / has become full of them recently .
It has made me take a lot of time to look for documents and it has also reduced my working productivity in these days .
As you may know , this kind of things often gives us a lot of stress .
I decided to take some time and to check the documents whether they were really necessary for me or not .
I decided to take some time to check whether the documents were really necessary for me or not .
I have a lot of e - files and they can be substitute to the hardcopy documents , so I had expected that I could reduce them to one third of the previous quantity .
I cleaned up my desk thoroughly .
To my surprise , the result was that I could reduce them to one fifth .
To my surprise , the result was that I could reduce the pile to one fifth its original amount .
I was satisfied with the result very much .
I think this will give me a lot of positive effect for not only my working productivity but also my working motivation .
If you have some trouble in your work , I recommend that you should clean your desk .
If you have some trouble in your work [ at your job ] , I recommend that you clean your desk .

Please teach me an English study method .
I do not understand how to remember English .
I do not know how to memorize English .
First of all , I want to speak an easy daily conversation .
. Firstly , I want to learn basic conversational English .
From what should I start studying ?
How should I start studying ?
Please teach your recommendation .

Cafe time under the Cherry Blossoms
I went to Cherry Blossoms with my wife last sunday .
I went to view cherry blossoms with my wife last Sunday .
We bought the coffee and the cake .
We bought some coffee and cake .
We enjoy eating cake and coffee under the Cherry Blossoms at the river side .
We enjoyed eating cake and drinking coffee under the Cherry Blossoms beside the river side .
Everyone enjoy cooking BBQ and palying lite sports .
Everyone enjoyed cooking BBQ and playing light sports .
I had relax time .
I had a relaxing time .

The vernal sighs
The vernal sighs
make various sounds
and break through
the quiet of the evening
day by day
came the branch
came to the branch
and gave a cry ,
it rang out
with the flap of wings
After passing through
the eaves
a pair of white - eye
go flying high
up in the sky
of Daurian Redstart
a sign of spring
Today . . .
Today is holiday and It 's a nice weather .
Today it is a holiday and the weather 's nice .
Yeah ~ ! !
If I have palans , I think I go to somewhere . but . . . . . ! !
If I had plans , I think I would go to somewhere , but . . . . . ! !
I did n't have plans today . so , I woke up at 11 : 00 . and then I ate lunch and watched DVD and played ukulele .
I did n't have plans today . so , I woke up at 11 : 00 . then I ate lunch , watched a DVD and played ukulele .
I stayed at home all day . hahaha . . .
I spent a relaxed holiday .
If It 's nice day tomorrow , I will go to somewhere !
If it 's a nice day tomorrow , I will go ( out ) somewhere !
maybe . . .

What a bother .
What a bother !
I 'm on winter vacation , but I have a class in the morning tomorrow .
It 's a bother .
That remains me , I have to finish my homework by the day after next .
That remains me , I have to finish my homework by the day after tomorrow .
After that , all that remains is some homework to be finished by the day after next .

Which is right ?
Which is right ?
Please teach this reason in detail .
Could you please teach me the reason in detail .
A ) I took my birthday present from the box .
B ) I took my birthday present out of the box .

The importance to keep going
I found that I 've been written my journal in English around for 70 days .
I found that I 've been writing my journal in English for around 70 days .
I found that I 've been written my journal in English for around 70 days .
The end of last year I decided to keep a diary in English .
I want to express my idea or my feeling in English more and more .
I want to express my ideas or my feelings in English more and more .
I want to express my ideas or my feelings in English more and more .
I think keeping a diary is one of the best ways to master English .
Therefore , I keep writing every day .
I realize that my English tends to change little by little .
Before writing a journal , I did n't pay attention nouns .
Before writing a journal , I did n't pay attention to nouns .
Before writing a journal , I did n't pay attention to nouns .
Though there are two kinds of nouns ( one is countable noun , the other is uncountable noun ) in English , we do n't have such ideas in Japanese .
Though there are two kinds of nouns ( one is a countable noun , the other is an uncountable noun ) in English , we do n't have such ideas in Japanese .
Therefore , I can hardly use nouns in my English conversation .
I especially do n't understand about abstract nouns .
I especially do n't understand abstract nouns .
I think most abstract nouns are uncountable nouns , but there are some countable nouns in abstract nouns .
I 'm sometimes confused about them .
On the other hand , I tend to think how I express Japanese phrase in English every day .
On the other hand , I tend to think how I express Japanese phrases in English every day .
On the other hand , I tend to think how I express Japanese phrases in English every day .
For example , while I talk with my friend , I think how I express this feeling in English .
For example , while I talk with my friend , I think of how I can express this feeling in English .
Then , when I talk with my English teacher , I often replied with two or three words before , but I tent to be able to reply completely sentence which I made , even though my completely sentences are wrong most of cases .
Then , when I talk with my English teacher , I often replied with two or three words before , but I tend to be able to reply with complete sentences which I made , even though my completesentences are wrong in most cases .
Then , when I talked with my English teacher , I often replied with two or three words before , but now I am usually able to reply with a complete sentence which I made , even though my complete sentences are wrong in most cases .
However , if I keep practicing these things , I will be able to master English someday .
However , if I keep practicing these things , I will be able to master English someday .
Therefore , I think keeping a diary is one of the best way indeed
Therefore , I think keeping a diary is one of the best ways indeed .
Therefore , I think keeping a diary is one of the best ways indeed .

Born to Run written by Christopher McDougall
I keep on jogging of an hour almost every night for three months .
I have been jogging for an hour almost every night for three months .
A book titled
' Born to Run ' triggered my habit of jogging .
If you read this book , you will certainly want to jog .
Though Christopher recommended running using low - cushion shoes in this book , I think there is a risk to hurt a foot for beginners .
Though McDougall recommended running using low - cushion shoes in this book , I think there is a risk for beginners to hurt their foot .
Actually , I hurt my feet using Vibram FiveFingers .
Actually , I hurt my feet using Vibram FiveFingers shoes .
It 's important to develop the muscles of the lower body at first .
So , although I do n't know I can run the whole distance , I decided to try a full marathon in April and ultramarathon in June .
So , although I do n't know if I can run the whole distance , I decided to try a full marathon in April and an ultramarathon in June .
I 'm looking forward to it .

Tree - planting ceremony
The tree - planting ceremony was held near my place .
The tree - planting ceremony was held near where I live .
It was a very big ceremony there .
It was a very big ceremony there ,
It was because the Emperor and Empress came to plant trees by themselves .
because the Emperor and Empress came to plant trees by themselves .
There are many roads had been repaired , re - paved or newly made around and towards the park where the ceremony was held for the ceremony in advance .
There are many roads that had been repaired , re - paved or newly made around and towards the park where the ceremony was held , to prepare for the ceremony .
There were many roads that had been repaired , re - paved or newly made in advance around and on the way to the park where the ceremony was held .
Of course the ceremony site was newly built , too .
The Emperor and Empress sowed some seeds and planted by hand some seedlings of trees including pollen - less cedars .
The Emperor and Empress planted seeds and various kinds of tree saplings , including pollen - less cedars .
It was pity that it rained all the time during the ceremony , but many other attractions were there , that was some dances , reading some essays , etc .
It was pity that it rained all the time during the ceremony , but many other attractions were there , like some dances , reading some essays , etc .
It was a pity that it rained the entire time the ceremony was being held , but there were many other attractions such as dances , essay reading , etc .
We wish the trees will grow up healthily and we will could keep the beautiful mountain and nature .
We wish the trees will grow up healthily , and that we will keep the mountains and nature beautiful .

OKONOMIYAKI party * *
This is my first diary .
This is my first diary .
I got together with my friends to have OKONOMIYAKI party today .
I got together with my friends to have an OKONOMIYAKI party today .
Okonomiyaki , which looks like a pancake , is a kind of local food in Japan .
Okonomiyaki , which looks like a pancake , is a kind of local food in Japan .
We enjoyed eating them with talking .
We enjoyed eating them and talking .
In adition , we watched JUDO game in olympic .
In addition , we watched JUDO in the olympics .
It was pity that Japanese player could n't win a first praise .
It was pity that the Japanese player could n't win a first prize .

The highest value of the yen .
Each country 's national debt breeds distrust of world economy after the crisis in Greek .
Each country 's national debt breeds distrust of the world economy after the crisis in Greece .
After Lehman 's fall , the global depression has necessitates fiscal action , so it seems to be natural that the debts are growing large .
After Lehman 's fall , the global depression has necessitated fiscal action , so it seems natural that the debts are growing large .
In Japan , the economic condition was not good before the Lehman 's fall , the debts have already been large , so the impact was relatively small .
In addition , Japan keeps current - account surplus , so Japan might be considered to be relatively stable .
In addition , Japan keeps current - account surplus , so Japan might be considered to be relatively stable .
Without good prospect for rapid improvement of each country 's current account , the crisis of default seems to get more serious , and I think the crucial period is yet to come .
Without good prospect for rapid improvement of each country 's current account , the crisis / threat ? of default seems to get more serious , and I think the crucial period is yet to come .

It 's first time
I loged in this site Lang - 8 first time .
I logged into this site Lang - 8 for the first time .
Because English tutor gave me this URL .
Because my English tutor gave me this URL .
I will try write my diary in English from today . . . !
I will try to write my diary in English starting from today . . . !

a psychological test
`` You will go far a place where you do n't know where is nor how long is for .
`` You will go to a far place You do n't know where it is nor how far .
You can take five animals to there .
You can take five animals there .
but you ca n't take all animals all the way .
But you ca n't take all the animals all the way .
You have to leave a animal on the way .
You have to leave an animal on the way .
When you go a short , you 'll have to leave a animal again .
When you go a short distance , you 'll have to leave an animal again .
2nd animal , 3rd animal , 4th animal . . .
Question :
What animal will you leave 1st ?
Which animal will you leave 1st ?
And why did you decide so ?
What about 2nd , 3rd , 4th ?
What about the 2nd , 3rd , 4th ?
Do you have any reasons ?
What about last one ?
What about the last one ?
Why did you think so ?
Thinking Time . . . .
Did you decided ?
Have you decided ?
Alright .
Let 's see the answer .
The far place means your life .
The `` far place `` is your life 's journey .
Each animal have a mean in the following .
Each animal has a meaning as follows .
a lion . . . pride
a monkey . . . child
a cow . . . money
a sheep . . . love
a horse . . . work
What animal did you leave 1st ?
Which animal did you leave 1st ?
What animal was last ?
Which animal was last ?
Please think about your decisions with your reasons .
Please think about your decisions and your reasons .
# This is the test I 've heard today .
# This is the test I heard today .
I hope you can get through , although my English is poor . . .
I hope you can get understand , even though my English is poor . . .

I here recently and consequently do not know many English words .
I have come here recently and consequently do not know many English words .
So do not judge too strictly .

Straighten my teeth
I went a dentist to straighten my teeth .
The dentist attached me metal fittings .
The dentist attached metal fittings to my teeth .
He said I will have a teeth ache a few hours later , and I ca n't eat breakfast next morning because of a pain .
He said my teeth will ache a few hours later , and I ca n't eat breakfast the next morning because of the pain .
What is a saddest thing for me is not being able to eat rice cakes .
What is a saddest thing for me is that I will not be able to eat rice cakes .
I stand it for two years !
I had stand it for two years already !

Today is cloudy .
Good morning .
I 'm sleepy in it also this morning .
I 'm sleepy this morning .
It rains from the weather of recent Japan of saying , `` Guerrilla downpour `` .
It 's raining . The weather reports are calling for a `` Guerrilla downpour `` .
It 's very scary .

movie and futsal
I played futsal with my coworkers yesterday .
We usually play it once a month .
There is a futsal coat in front of our office .
We held a dinner after that .
We had a dinner after that .
I enjoyed it but my body pains me now !
I enjoyed it but my body hurts now .
And , I watched a movie with my mother .
The movie was `` Hanamizuki . ``
It is one of flower name called `` a dogwood `` in English .
It was touching .

Want To Be Free From A Test
These days , I 've been tied up with preparation for an exam about logistics .
I will be taking this exam in 23 days , and I found it totally a brain - burster .
I was shorked with how many detailes I have to understand and memorize .
I was shocked by how many things I have to know .
Maybe I got the premonition that I could pass or failed this exam by a very small margin .
I have ( get ) the feeling ( that ) I 'll either pass or fai this exam by a very slim margin .
If I have time to complain about how difficult this is , I 'd better to spend the time reading one more page .
If I can find time to complain about how difficult this is , surely I can find the time to study just one more page .
I really want to be free from this test and write essays as much as I want .

The 2nd day
It 's so busy a day .
It 's such a busy day .
I rarely have time to write something .
I rarely have time to write anything .
Winter is coming .

Respected for senior citizens day
Respect for senior citizens day
Today is national holiday , Respected for senior citizens day .
Today is a national holiday , `` respect for senior citizens `` day .
Before legal changes , the day was on the 15th of September .
Before legal changes , this day was on the 15th of September .
After legal changes , we have three - day weekend .
Now , we have a three - day weekend .
After legal changes , we have three - day holiday .
We call this `` Happy Monday `` .
We call this day `` Happy Monday `` .

My summervacation finish . . . .
My summer vacation has finished . . . .
no , my summer finish today .
no wait , my summer vacation finishes today .
The summer finish , next seasun is fall .
now summer is gone , the next season is fall .
What do you recall When you hear fall ?
What do you think of when you hear the season of fall ?
I recall food and books ^ ^ *
I recall good food and books ^ ^ *
I love eating derisiouce food and reading some interest books !
I love eating delicious food and reading interesting books !
And . . . . .
I recall sport . . . .
I think about sport . . . .
I dislike sports , because I can ` t do any sports well .
I dislike sports , because I am not very good at them .
Yes . . .
I ` m poor sportsability .

Single malt wisky
I like to drink whisky .
I bought a single malt whisky today .
That 's name is GLENMORANGIE .
This whisky is made in Scotland .
Now I am drinking it .
It is good taste .
It is good taste . It taste good .
I feel so flavor and peat , feeling so good .
But , I am feeling just a little sleepiness .
But , I am feeling just a little . sleepy
When I finish writing in my diary , I 'll go to bed .
Good night !

Newspaper
These days , I read some sports news on the internet .
These days , I often read sports news on the internet .
The newspaper is dailymail .
The newspaper is called dailymail .
I like soccer ( football ? ) !
It is a very good study method for me to read sports news in English .
But , there is a sad matter .
Few Japanese soccer player is in the England soccer team .
There are few Japanese soccer players on the England soccer team .

I woke up at 8 AM today .
I spend a day studying English recently so I need move my body .
I spent the day studying English so I needed to move my body .
Having finished reading aloud training , I took a walk this morning .
Having finished reading aloud while training , I took a walk .
The goal for Walking in Japan is 9200 steps for men and 8300 steps for women .
The goal for Walking in Japan is 9200 steps for men and 8300 steps for women .
I do n't know how many steps I took today
I do n't know how many steps I took today
but my grandmother takes about 2000 steps in 20 minutes walks
but my grandmother takes about 2000 steps in 20 minute walks
and I walked for about an hour .
I think I took not less than 6000 steps only this walks .
I think I took not less than 6000 steps .
Adding 3200 steps can be reached that goal .
Adding 3200 steps can make me reach that goal .
I 'll do walking every day from today
I 'll dosome walking every day from today on
and I want to be healthy .
Thank you .

Hello , everyone .
My name is Uni .
I 'm going to write this diary to brush up my English .
Here , today 's diary .
Here , is today 's diary .
My son has a hamster and its birthday is in August .
So he will buy a stone plate for its birthday present .
The plate is to prevent heat during summer .
The plate is to prevent overheating during the summer .
Thank you .

suck day again
I 've done nothing today .
It was so nice that I received a message from warmhearted friends at lang - 8 .
Really thanks them .
I am really grateful to them .
Before I never notice my spell mistake , but they help me to correct them really moved .
I was plan to study english after work , but a friend asked me to help , It took me 1 hour .
I was planning to study English after work , but a friend asked me for my help , which took an hour .
After that , I just talked with some friends , waste of time again , oops !
After that , I just talked with some friends , another waste of time , oops !
It should n't like that , I must be hard .
From the radio , I learned a word `` in vain . `` lol , hmm , I saw many people like using it .
I learned the expression , `` in vain `` from the radio . lol , hmm , I noticed ( or / see ) many people like using it .
I told a friend to come here for learning english , She is hungary girl , I met her in the last year at red universe ( ff0000 . com ) which is a flash website that people can talk at it .
I told a friend to come here to learn English . She is hungarian . I met her last year at red universe ( ff0000 . com ) , which is a flash website where people can talk ( to eachother ) .
It is a very funny place , I knew many friends at it , wish you guys like it .
It is a very funny place , and I have met many friends there , wish you guys would like it .
I like photograph , At one time I quited and went to another city for my dream .
But I lost , I worked as a assistant of cameraman , The boss plan to rent a basement about 1000 square meter .
But I lost my job . I had worked as an assistant to a cameraman . The boss had planned to rent a basement of about 1000 square meters .
When the boss was about to pay for the rent , And the landlord take it back .
When he was about to pay for the rent , the landlord took it back .
So , I became a excresent persone , then I left .
So , I became the excess person , and left .
I went back shanghai .
I went back shanghai .
I have a steady job present .
I have a steady job at present .
Day just gone like water
The day has just gone like water .
A friend told me she wants to go abroad for studying .
A friend told me she wants to go abroad to study .
She do n't like the life unchanged everyday .
She does n't like an unchanging everyday existence .
I want to do that too , alright , I have two plans .
I want to do that too , alright now I have two plans .
haha , whatever , I always plan , but never do it .
ok , I should be shutup and just do it .
I download some songs of the white brich .
I downloaded some white brich songs .
I like this one : the storm broken tree .
I got ta sleep now .
Job interview ?
Recently , I have received a job interview for three companies but I think I 'm not ready to work so much .
Actually , I just went over the last job as well as I want to rest .
So I decided not to go to the interview today and I will be ready in June .

love this kind of weather
I love this kind of weather
These days the weather become cooler than before .
These days the weather has become cooler than before .
The reason is the North is having a cold atmosphere ( so we , people who live in the South can feel some cold from the North - do n't know how to write this sentence ) and one more thing is it 's the end of November , it 's nearly Christmas .
The reason is because it 's cold in the North ( so we , people who live in the South , can feel the cold from there - I do n't know how to write this sentence ) and it 's also the end of November , so it 's nearly Christmas .
I love this kind of weather very much .
If I do n't have to go to work I 'm sure now sitting in a coffee shop , drinking my favourite coffee and chatting with my friends .
If I did n't have to go to work I 'm sure I would be sitting in a coffee shop , drinking my favourite coffee and chatting with my friends now .
I want to come back times when I were still a student , I can stay in bed longer when it 's cold or can go out with my friends in a beautiful day like this .
I want to go back to the times when I was still a student and I could stay in bed longer when it was cold or could go out with my friends on a beautiful day like this .
I miss these days .
I miss those days .
Because it 's cold so when going out I have to wear a thin coat ( I usually just wear it when it 's hot ) , ah I should buy another new coat .
Because it 's cold I have to wear a thin coat when I go out ( I usually just wear it when it 's hot ) , ah I should buy a new coat .

In the evening ) )
Relax ! = ) I just have come home . . .
Time to relax ! = ) I just arrived home . . .
I am keen on ball dances .
It has been hot today . . .
I want to go to the seaside .
I must do my English homework , because I will go to my English teacher on Friday . . . ) ) I am going to go for a walk with my friends now ) Everybody good night ! ) )
I must do my English homework , because I will go to my English teacher on Friday . I am going to go for a walk with my friends now . Everybody good night !
I must do my English homework , because I will meet with my English teacher on Friday . . . I am going to go for a walk with my friends now . Goodnight everybody ! )

I study for an entrance exam on the next Friday now .
I 'm studying for an entrance exam that 's on next Friday .
After I enter in college , I want to study English more .
After I enter college , I want to study English more .
Please correct in writing .
Please correct my writing .
Parents shouldnt be seen their bad habits or behaviors by their children .
Parents should n't show their bad habits or behaviors in front of their children .
This is because children tend to imitate quikly what is occured in front of them .
This is because children tend to quickly imitate what occurs in front of them .
If a parent littered , their child would think simply that it isnt worse and rapidly he or she would imitate the bad behavior .
If a parent littered , their child would simply think that it is n't wrong , and he or she would rapidly imitate this bad behavior .
this is bad .
This is bad .
Besides , once children fall into a bad habit it is difficult to get out of it .
Furthermore , once children fall into a bad habit , it is difficult for them to change .

Today , I went to automobile school .
Today I went to driving school , because . . . .
because I want car licence card .
driving school , because I want a driving licence .
Today I did practical skill test and I was success .
Today I did the practical skill test and passed .
Then I am happy .
I want car licence card fast .
I want a driving licence as soon as possible .

step by step
Today I changed display with my girl friend 's faces and my mom saw it .
Today I changed display to show photos of my girl friend 's and my mom saw it .
She was just surprised because my girl friend is prettier than her expectation .
She was just surprised because my girl friend is prettier than she expected .
So she doublechecked she is my girlfriend and said she 's too pretty for her sun .
Well indeed I thought I 'm also as pretty as her . . . , just decided to let it go .
Well indeed I thought I 'm just as good - looking as she is . . . , just decided to let it go .
Btw from yesterday , I 'm doing what I can for her in here .
By the way , starting yesterday , I 'm doing what I can for her here .
writing diary at here and sending voice mail to her email are the way I found .
My ideas are to write a diary here and to send voice mail to her by email .
Beside I figured two more things out .
In fact , I 'm not sure how long I can continue these since I 'm very lazy person and easily get tired but I 'll try .
In fact , I 'm not sure how long I can continue this since I 'm very lazy person and easily get tired but I 'll try .
Because I love her .

I went meyoung - dong to buy shopping with my friends .
So I bought one skirt , T - shirt , and knit .
I bought a skirt , a T - shirt , and a knit .
I want to buy backpack , and shoes .
I wanted to buy a backpac and shoes .
But I ca n't found one which I loved .
But I could n't find one which I loved .
However I do n't regret .
Today is so funny day !
Today was so nice day !

Japan tsunami > , <
Pray for Japan .
There 's a 8 . 9 magnitude earthquake hit Japan and followed by a tsunami .
An 8 . 9 magnitude earthquake hit Japan followed by a tsunami .
I just saw a lot of Facebook friends are keep sharing the video that Japan tsunami .
I just saw a lot of Facebook friends who keep sharing the video of that Japan tsunami .
Hope they all will be fine and safe .
Hope they will be fine and safe .
Caution for neighbouring country .
Caution for neighbouring countries .
The tsunami would be reach you there .
The tsunami might reach you .
Be careful .

I went to home town
I went to my home town
I went to home town in summer vacation .
I was going to return by Shinkansen Express .
But my friend in Aichi came to Fukuoka .
But my friend from Aichi came to Fukuoka .
I guided Fukuoka and have sended to home .
I guided them around Fukuoka and now have sent them home .

Lunar calendar in July is coming .
July is terrible to China .
July is terrible to the Chinese .
July is terrible in China .
The month has a lot of ghosts .
There are a lot of ghosts .
People will worship ghosts .
People will worship ghosts . ( Really ? )
The Chinese worship ghosts .
But lunar calendar in July is happy to Buddhism .
But the lunar calendar in July is important to Buddhism .
But the lunar calendar in July is a happy time in Buddhism .
I 'm happy and worry .
I 'm both happy and worried .
I 'm happy because have a lot of foods .
I 'm happy because I ( ? ) have a lot of food .
I 'm happy because I will have a lot of food .
Worry . . . . .
I am worried . . .
because I am terrible ghosts .
because I am afraid of ghosts .
. . . because I am afraid of ghosts .
END ~ ~ Thanks

Hi , I went to shopping at Shibuya .
Hi , I went shopping at Shibuya .
I bought some closes and shoes .
I bought some clothes and shoes .
That 's my own birthday present .
I wonder what I will do next year .

Nice to meet you .
Good morning !
I 'm Alwaca .
I 'm learning English now .
In May , I will go to China as school travel .
In May , I will go to China for school travel .
In May , I will be going to China with my school .
There is the plan that we communicate with people there in English .
We plan to communicate with people there in English .
We plan to communicate with the people there in English .
I want to speak English well .
I will do the best !
I will do my best !

hi , it 's very nice here today .
Hi , it 's very nice here today .
I took a walk with my dog around here .
I took a walk with my dog around the area .
This is picture of walking .
This is picture of us walking together .
He is traditional Japanese dog , Shiba - inu .
He is a traditional Japanese dog , a Shiba - inu .
Shiba is most popular dog in Japan , and I hear it 's getteing popular in US and other country ,
Shiba is the most popular breed of dog in Japan , and I hear it 's getting popular in the US and in other countries as well .
But most common color in Shiba is brown , so my dog 's color ca n't beseen . .
But the most common color for Shiba is brown , so my dog 's color ca n't be seen clearly . . .
I 'll tell about him in detail next time .
I 'll talk about him in detail next time .
Thank you !

I 've just set up FIREFOX instead of IE .
Through this settings , I 'll be able to use lang - 8 comfortably on this PC in my parent 's house .

prepariing studying abroad
Preparing to study abroad
A Big new in my life is coming soon .
A big change in my life is coming soon .
Tomorrow , I go Canada to study for 8 months .
Tomorrow , I will go Canada to study for 8 months .
Then , I am preparing my things such as clothings .
But , this is my first time going abroad and I do n't know what things I have to take and I donot have to take .
Therefore I consider not to regrecting , taking all things I think I need .
When I try to put my all things in suitcase , cant put them all .
I must select what I leave in my home .
I must select what I leave at home .
If possible , plesase tell me any advices because I cant decide how to select due to poor info .
If possible , please give me any advice because I ca n't decide how to select due to insufficient info ( rmation ) .

I 'm fed up with it .
I am beaten , because I have been caught up in some trouble of my job recently .
I `` m beat , because I have been caught up in some problems at work recently .
I am beaten , because I have been caught up in some trouble at work recently .
On such days , I should read some funny comics or something befor going to bed , and think about those plblems tomorrow .
On days like this , I should read some funny comics or something before going to bed , and think about those problems tomorrow .
On such days , I should read some funny comics or something , go to bed , and think about those problems tomorrow .
I 'll probably be able to come out with them somehow .
I 'll probably be able to work it all out somehow .
( I hope ! )

091012 ( E )
The chlorophy of my heart . . .
The chlorophyll of my heart . . .
It means that is a precious human for me .
It means that is a precious person for me .
In case of plants , the chlorophy is very important to grow .
In case of plants , the chlorophyll is very important for the plants ' growth .
In a word , the chlorophy must be absolutely needed by plants .
In a nutshell , the chlorophyll is absolutely needed by plants .
I want to find a woman who is like the chlorophy .
I want to find a woman who is like the chlorophyll .
Exactly she will make me so happy , and I will also make it .
She will make me so happy , and I will also make her happy .
As the each people , whoever maybe have the existence such like the chlorophy .
Whoever that person maybe , to have the existence such like the chlorophyll . . .
Of course , I do not have it yet .
Of course , I do not know that person yet .
I do not know why but it is the truth .
I am not nervous but I feel a little bit lonely . . .
Anyway I go to bed for a tomorrow ! ! !
Anyway I 'm going to bed ! ! !

About Me : )
My name is lov .
My name is Lov .
I 'm Japanese and I 'm studying English .
Still I ca n't write English very well , so if you have a free time , please teach me my mistake in my diary .
I still ca n't write English very well , so if you have some free time , please teach me my mistakes in my diary .
If necessary , I can correct your Japanese : - >

The Relation between Water and Hydrogen
The words ' water ' , ' wet ' , and ' winter ' are very similar . ' Wet ' means the condition that something contains water . ' Winter ' is the season in which water falls in the form of snow .
The stem ' und ' is the origin of water .
Undine is the spirit of water . ' Abundant ' means plenty ( of water ) .
' Inundate ' is the water attack .
' Inundate ' is to be attacked by water ( or flooded ) .
' Inundate ' is to be overwhelmed by water .
The movement of water is ' undulate ' , which changes to the word ' hydrogen ' with the insertion of the sound ' h ' .

Heaven , Earth and People ( October 17 , 2008 )
Just ten years ago in 1998 , it was amid the years called later `` Lost Ten Years `` .
Just ten years ago in 1998 , we were amidst the years called later `` Lost Ten Years `` .
It was just ten years ago , in 1998 , during the years later called the `` Ten Lost Years `` .
In the summer of the year , prime minister Keizo Obuchi , who had just inaugurated , performed in front of a fruit and vegetable store .
In the summer of the year , prime minister Keizo Obuchi , who had just been inaugurated , performed in front of a fruit and vegetable store .
In the summer of that year , prime minister Keizo Obuchi , who had just been inaugurated , performed in front of a fruit and vegetable store .
I think many can remember that .
I think many remember that .
He shouted `` Stocks ( ' kabu ' in Japanese ) , go up !
Stocks , go up ! `` holding turnips ( also ' kabu ' in Japanese ) up in his hands .
The chain reaction of falling stock prices raided again at the world market , while we thought it was put an end to .
The chain reaction of falling stock prices ravaged the world market again , even though we thought it was over .
The prices in Tokyo market were the second highest rate of decline in the wake of the plunge in New York .
The prices in the Tokyo market experienced the second highest rate of decline in the wake of the plunge in New York ( stock market ) .
The Tokyo stock market experienced its second largest decline in the wake of the plunge in New York .
Many people other than Obuchi may be anxious to make the stock prices go up .
According to the estimation of a private research institute , the value of indivisual shares and investment trust funds had gone down by about100 trillion yen between the end of June last year and the end of September this year .
According to estimates of a private research institute , the value of individual shares and investment trust funds had gone down by about 100 trillion yen between the end of June last year and the end of September this year .
Because of the plunge this year , it may go down by about 130 trillion yen .
It is too merciless for the people who have invested the savings and the allowance for retirement for their post - retirement years .
This is unforgivable to the people who have invested their savings for their post - retirement years .
This is very hard on the people who have invested their savings and pensions for their post - retirement years .
According to stock traders , the plunge in New York market last week is because of the anxiety about U . S .
According to stock traders , the plunge in New York market last week is because of the anxiety about the U . S .
According to stock traders , the plunge in the New York market last week was because of the anxiety about the U . S .
finance system , but that of this week is because of the clearer tendency of the recession .
financial system , but the one this week is because of the clearer tendency of the recession .
finance system , but that of this week is because of the increased risk of a recession .
If the actual economy in U . S .
If the actual economy in the US
If the actual U . S . economy
is really aggravated , it is very severe for Japan , which mainly depends on exports .
is really aggravated , it is very dire for Japan , which depends mainly on exports .
is really in trouble , it is very bad news for Japan , which mainly depends on exports .
Though there is a brief recovery from `` Lost Ten Years `` , it is said that economy in Japan is also at the stage of recession .
Though there was a brief recovery from `` Lost Ten Years `` , it is said that economy in Japan is also in a stage of recession .
Though there has been a brief recovery from the `` TenLost Years `` , it is said that theeconomy in Japan is also in a state of recession .
I hear government and the parties in power have begun to study the adding economic policies .
I hear government and the parties in power have begun to study instituting additional economic policies .
People want effective policies not lip services .
People want effective policies not lip service .
People want effective policies , not lip service .
I fell little bit cold .
I think real autumn has come at last .
I think true autumn has come at last .
but I like spring better than autumn .

home work
I read `` The Incredible Present `` .
This book was written by Harriet Castor .
When I read this book , I thought that my bocabrary of English is row revel .
When I read this book , I thought that my vocabulary of English is low level .
There were a lot of words which I ca n't understand .
I repeatelly consulted an English - Japanese dictionary .
I repeatedly consulted an English - Japanese dictionary .
This book is an illustrated book .
This book 's picture is very pretty .
This book 's pictures are very pretty .
I like cute things .
I enjoyed reading this book , but I thought that want to study English very hard .
I enjoyed reading this book , but I thought that I want to study English very hard .

I love Apple 's products
I have been into Apple 's products since I got an iPhone , an iPad 2 and a Mac .
I had used Windows PCs before I bought them .
Once you use a Mac you can not go back to Windows PCs , because Mac is useful , smart and so cool .
Once you use a Mac you can not go back to Windows PCs , because a Mac is useful , smart and so cool .
A truck pad on the laptop type of Mac recognizes the number of your fingers on it .
Touch pads on Mac laptops recognize the number of fingers on it .
So you can change commands to Mac by how many fingers you use .
If you have an iPhone I strongly recommend you buy a Mac .
If you have an iPhone I strongly recommend you to buy a Mac .
I 'm a little sad to hear the news that Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO of Apple .

An art festival
We went to my son 's nursery school , though today was Saturday .
This was because an even was held there .
This was because an event was held there .
The event was an art festival of the school .
We family could look at the works which our children created in the school .
After we appreciated the works , my son was playing with his classmate in the school yard .

My first journal in Lang - 8
My first journal on Lang - 8 .
My first journal on Lang - 8
In Japan , I have studied English for over 10 years .
But there is no time to use my English in dairy life .
But there is no time to use my English in daily life .
But there is no time to use my English in daily life .
So , in Lang - 8 , I want to communicate with native English speakers and improve my English skills ! !
So , on Lang - 8 , I want to communicate with native English speakers and improve my English skills ! !
So , on Lang - 8 , I want to communicate with native English speakers and improve my English skills ! !
I can teach you my native laguage , Japanese too !
I can teach you my native language , Japanese , too !
I can teach you my native language , Japanese too !
I hope I have time to meet various kind of people here in Lang - 8 .
I hope I have time to meet all kinds of people here on Lang - 8 .
I hope I have time to meet all kinds of people here on Lang - 8 .

When will the rainy season end ?
There are still many rainy days in Japan .
According to my experience , rainy season might end before the middle of July . . .
According to my experience , the rainy season might end before the middle of July . . .
I hope it will end before the 3 days week - ends !
I hope it will end before the 3 day week - ends !
What will I been doing in the holidays ?
What will I be doing during the holidays ?
I have to think about it : )
I 'll have to think about it : )

My cooking .
Now , I 'm eating spaghetti for my dinner .
Now , I 'm eating spaghetti for dinner .
This is cooked by myself .
I cooked it myself .
I boiled noodles for six minutes .
First , I boiled the noodles for six minutes .
Next , I mixed noodles and tuna ,
Then , I mixed the noodles with tuna .
As a finish , I poured soysource over noodles and dusted a piece of dried bonito .
Finally , I poured soy source over the noodles and dusted it with a piece of dried bonito .
`` Japanese noodle `` has been completely ! !
`` Japanese noodles `` are finished !
It 's very dericious .
It 's very delicious .

Kendo magazine
As I commented on a diary March 27th , a magazine reporter and a photographer came to our gym and got a story .
As I commented on my diary from March 27 , a magazine reporter and a photographer came to our gym and got a story .
As I commented in a diary on March 27th , a magazine reporter and a photographer came to our gym and wrote a story .
Finally I bought the magazine today !
Finally , I bought the magazine today !
My son and I are in the picture I posted above .
Please come to my Japanese blog if you have an interest in Kendo , music and Japanese life .
Please check out my Japanese blog if you have an interest in either Kendo , music or Japanese life .
My bag was nominated as environmental ecology ,
Today we went to city hall ( industial cultural center ) for nominated environmental ecology .
Today we went to city hall ( the Industial Cultural Center ) for the environmental ecology nomination event .
We are ecogcal family ! ?
We are an enviromentally conscious family !
I could not believe .
I could not believe that I received the nomination .
But today was excited and enjoyed .
Today was very exciting and enjoyable .

I 'm a soft spoken person , and sometimes people ca n't hear me especially in noisy places .
I 'm a soft spoken person , and sometimes people ca n't hear me , especially in noisy places .
So I googled how to make a voice louder .
There are tips and advices for people who have the same problem ( as mine / like mine / with me ) < - which one is correct or more natural ? .
There are tips and advice for people who have the same problem . ( It sounds okay without adding anything . You could also say : `` people who have the same problem I do . `` )
Most of them are useful , but some are ridiculous .
Smoke a pack of cigarette everyday , yell all the time . . . .
Smoke a pack of cigarettes everyday , yell all the time . . . .
Yesterday , I went to a Noraebang ( a room for singing in S .
Yesterday , I went to a Noraebang ( a room for singing in S .
Korea , little different from karaoke in Japan ) to feel better .
Korea , a little different from karaoke in Japan ) to feel better .
These days , I have been depressed a bit .
These days , I have been a bit depressed .
My English does n't seem to get better especially in speaking , and also felt bad when my favorite english teacher kept saying like ' I ca n't hear you . ' last class .
My English does n't seem to get better , especially in speaking , and I also felt bad when my favorite english teacher kept saying ' I ca n't hear you . ' last class .
My English does n't seem to get better , especially in speech , and I also felt bad when my favorite English teacher kept saying things like ' I ca n't hear you ' in the last class .
When I sang songs there , I realized that my voice is not quiet ( basically / naturally ) , just I talked usually quiet .
When I sang songs there , I realized that my voice is not quiet ( basically / naturally ) , just I usually talk quiet .
When I sang songs there , I realized that basically my voice is not naturally quiet , just that I usually talk quiet .
When I sang songs there , I realized that my voice is not naturally quiet , just that I usually speak quietly .
I will try to speak loud as much as possible .
I will try to speak louder as much as possible .
I may feel like I 'm yelling , but I also noticed that itt is not when I recorded and heard my voice .
I may feel like I 'm yelling , but I also noticed that it is not when I recorded and heard my voice .
I may feel like I 'm yelling , but I also noticed that I 'm not when I recorded and heard my voice .
I hope you enjoy good food and have fun in Thanksgiving Day !
I hope you enjoy good food and have fun on Thanksgiving Day !

My favourite movies
I like to watch comic films .
I do n't like those tragedies .
In my spare time , I often hire some comic films , not only the new and also the old classic movies .
In my spare time , I often rent some comedies , not only the new ones , but also the old classic movies .
Especially when I encouter a sad or unhappy thing , I would like to watch a comic movie .
Especially during those times when I encounter a sad or unhappy thing , I would like to watch a comedy .
And then I would forget those annoyances , and get a pleased mood .
And then I would forget those annoyances , and become happy .
We watch comedy not just get fun from it , but also we can get some life philosophy .
We watch comedy not just for fun , but also to get some life philosophy .
It displays life philosophy by comedy and make us think about our life .
I like to watch Zhou Xingchi 's movies , all of his movies are comic .
From a supporting role to the leading role , he must pay great effoerts to get it .
There is much we can learn from him , not only his movies , but also the person himself .
There is much we can learn from him - - not only from his movies , but also from the person himself .

I 'm weak . .
I have been doing work exactly for 1 year until now .
I have been working for exactly one year now .
Touched working I have discovered a few disadvantages myself .
Since I started working , I have discovered a few disadvantages / weaknesses in myself .
In fact , I 'm weak that I got some mistakes of processes at work and I felt a bit unhappy that time .
I made some mistakes during the process of work and felt unhappy about it at the time .
Actually I care so many things of my work .
Actually , I care about so many things regarding my work .
I do n't know why am I care this so ?
I do n't know why I care so much .
To my family , friendship , and hobbies I could take it easy of them .
Weak and sensitive I did n't know these disadvantages when I was a student .
I did n't know I had these kinds of weaknesses when I was a student .
By the way , it 's very different between the part time and the full time job , so I do n't have any presumptions at work anymore .
By the way , it 's very different between the part time and the full time job , so I do n't have any presumptions at work anymore .
Every opportunities for working are all good try and which one must be suitable for each person .
Any opportunities for working are good , so try and see which one might be suitable for you .

The second training lesson
Today , I got the second training lesson to become an English teacher for kids .
It was raining , so I went the nearest station by car after I took my son to kindergarten .
It was raining , so I went to the nearest station in my car , after I took my son to kindergarten .
It was raining , so I went the nearest station by car ( 1 ) after I took my son to kindergarten .
( Usually , I go there by bicycle to exercise . )
( Usually , I go there with my bike to exercise . )
I had expected there would be only me in this lesson , but another trainee was there .
I had expected there would be only me in this lesson , but another trainer was there .
She visited there from the next city that this lesson was held .
She went there from another city where this lesson was held before .
She visited there from the next city along the train line .
It took about 40 minutes by limited express , according to her .
according to her , It took about 40 minutes with a limited express train .
It took about 40 minutes by limited express train , according to her .
Before the lesson begins , we chatted away .
Before the begin of the lesson , we chatted some .
Before the lesson began , we chatted away .
We talked about our backgrounds .
We spoke about our life .
We talked about our past .
She entered high school in Australia , graduated from the school and then entered college there .
She entered at the high school in Australia , she graduated and then entered at the college there .
She entered high school in Australia , graduated ( 2 ) and then entered college there .
After she came back to Japan , she worked at a hotel .
After she came back in Japan , she worked in a hotel .
What a coincidence !
There was once a time , I used to work as a hotel staff . )
Once I used to work in the hotel 's staff . )
There was once a time when I used to work as hotel staff . )
As for the lesson , it was challenging , but rewarding like last time .
about the lesson , it was challenging , but rewarding , like the last time .
; D We have to learn the teaching methods in a short period and do a lots of homework every time .
; D We have to learn the teaching methods in a short time and do a lots of homeworks every time .
There 're 24 hours in a day . . . .
There are 24 hours in a day . . . .
There are ( 3 ) 24 hours in a day . . . .
It 's not enough ! lol
Well , I should n't neglect my routine English study to brush up on my English skills .
Well , I should n't neglect my routine of English study , so I can refresh my English skills .
Well , I should n't neglect my routine English study to brush up on my English skills . ( 4 )
Beijing Museum of Natural History
I went to Beijing Museum of Natural History today and it was very exciting .
I went to the Beijing Museum of Natural History today and it was very exciting .
Apprently , it is popular with kids , but I think it is also a good place for adults to learn more about the mother nature .
Apparently , it is popular with kids , but I think it is also a good place for adults to learn more about Mother Nature .
Below , I translated the introduction of one exhibition board in the museum ( Please refer to the picture for Chinese translations ) :
The Seventh Mass Extinction of Organism
Scientists found that in the last fifty years of twentieth century , hundreds of thousands of species had been extinct on earth .
Scientists found that in the last fifty years of twentieth century , hundreds of thousands of species had become extinct on earth .
Scientists have found that in the last fifty years of the twentieth century , hundreds of thousands of species have become extinct on earth .
As a result , when scientists are studying the six mass extinctions of organism in natural history , they find surprisingly that the earth is experiencing the seventh mass extinction of organism right now .
As a result , when scientists studied the six mass extinctions of organisms in natural history , they found surprisingly that the earth is experiencing the seventh mass extinction of organisms right now .
Features of The Seventh Mass Extinction of Organism
Features of The Seventh Mass Extinction of Organisms
The past six mass extinctions all happened during thousands or millions of years , whereas the current rate of species extinction , according to caculations , is much greater compared to before .
The past six mass extinctions all happened over thousands or millions of years ago , whereas the current rate of species extinction , according to calculations , is much greater compared to before .
The extinction of modern organisms are due to human 's activities .
The extinction of modern organisms is due to human 's activities .
The extinction of modern organisms is due to humans ' activities .
Human is the only species that can result in the mass extinctions of other species in the history of life .
Humans are the only species that can cause the mass extinctions of other species in the history of life .
Humans are the only species in the history of life that can cause the mass extinction of other species .
Representations of human 's activities causing species extinction :
People 's economic activities like the over - exploiting of forest and excess reclamation lead to the changing of envionment of other species .
People 's economic activities like the over - exploiting of forests and excess reclamation lead to the changing of environment of other species .
People 's economic activities like the over - exploiting of forests and excess reclamation lead to the changes in the environment of other species .
Overhunting of wild animals results in species extinction .
Pollution from human activities endanger the survival of wild lives .
Pollution from human activities endanger the survival of wildlife .
Because of the population explosion , people are competing with animals for resources , which also results in the extinction .
Because of the population explosion , people are competing with animals for resources , which also results in their extinction .
. . . . .

I 'm so busy . .
from yesterday , I go into the test weeks , I have to study for test of my scool .
Starting yesterday , I am now in the test weeks , so I have to study for a test I will take at school .
Starting from yesterday , I started taking my exams . I have to study ! !
So I am too busy to keep diary . . .
So I am too busy to update my diary . . .
Bye . . . . .

We had a meeting with our big cliant in thier office today .
We had a meeting with our big client in their office today .
It 's first time for me to go there ,
It was my first time there .
They have a big building in Yotuya of Tokyo , All floors are belong to them .
They have a big building in Yotuya of Tokyo and they own all of the floors .
Someday I would like to run my company like them .
fuu - I 'm really tired out !
I 'd been working for more 10 hours today !
I 've been working for more than 10 hours today !
but I keep on studing English !
but I keep on studying English !
I deside to be awake as long as possibele ,
I 've decided to stay awake for as long as possible .

Washing Car
I washed my sister `` s car .
I washed my sister 's car .
It was very durty because no one drived the car at least one month .
It was very dirty because no one has driven the car for at least one month .
It became cleaned .
It is now clean .
I want to drive somewhere .

writing for TOEFL `` Imagine that you could dine with any famous person .
What kind of dinner would you have and what would you talk about ? ``
If I could have dinner wit any famous person , I would choose Dr .
If I could have dinner with any famous person , I would choose Dr .
Toshiharu Yamamoto .
He is a Japanese doctor , photographer and professional of international cooperation .
He is a Japanese doctor , photographer and a professional of international cooperation .
After he experienced some medical NGO in Sierra Leone and Afghanistan , he set up the NPO `` Earth the Spaceship `` .
After he gained experience in a medical NGO in Sierra Leone and Afghanistan , he set up the NPO `` Earth the Spaceship `` .
He 's acted in a possitive manner to increase the number of people who get interested in global cooperation .
He acted in a positive manner to increase the number of people who became interested in global cooperation .
I 've read all of his presses and I felt he showed me concept guiding my life .
I 've read all of his books ? and I felt he showed me concepts that helped guide my life .
So , I want to talk with him about global dynamics , human life and so on at drinking spot with light meal .
So , I want to talk with him about global dynamics , human life and so on at a drinking spot over a light meal .
Because I 'll be able to listen his real design on condition that we 're blown away little , and light meal would n't distract our conversation .

dictionary
today , I 'm making my own Japanese dictionary that contains useful and common vocabularies .
atashi wa nihongo o benkyou gambarimasu .
atashi wa nihongo no benkyou wo gambarimasu .
those who want to talk to me , I have my skype account .
arigatou gozaimasu . . .

Route guidance
Route guidance
Today I was asked the route by a foreign man .
My expalnation was roughly as follows .
Could you correct weird expression and suggest better expression .
I 'd like to go to US embassy . ( man )
Well , go straight you reach the first signal and turn left , then you find an entrance of subway .
Well , go straight until you reach the first signal and turn left , then you will find a subway entrance .
Please move to Ueno station with Hibiya line and change train to Ginza line there .
Then go to Ueno station with Hibiya line and change train to Ginza line there .
And move to Toranomon station and walk toward big hospital called toranomon hospital .
Finally , go to Toranomon station and walk towards a big hospital called toranomon hospital .
I 'm sorry I 'm not so familiar in this place .
I 'm sorry I 'm not so familiar with this place .
Could you ask another person when you reach aroud ?
Could you ask another person when you get close ?
( In fact , I explained with a map )

the weather this week is really nice : )
it 's warm and not so hot , really confortable ! !
I love it !
I want to buy some dresses ,
but I 'm worried about that I do n't look good in dresses . . .
haha , it 's better for me to wear shorts and Tshirts !
this week is the second week of this semester .
at first I was so excited , because the school days are interesting .
but now there are some little things bothering me ,
and I do n't know how to hadle .
I do n't like the sadness , anger or any other negative emotions .
I 'll try to face and solve the problem ,
I 'll try to face and solve the problem , Note : Capital I
I know that 's the only way to live happily !

Farewell party
We had a farewell party for one of my senior coworkers last night .
He will quit a job at our office at the end of March .
He will quit his job at our office at the end of March .
He is one of the targets of corporate restructuring .
He leaves for another job .
He is leaving for another job .
I am very sorry about that .
We , he and I , have been at the same group for about five years , since 2005 .
He and I have been at the same group for about five years , since 2005 .
He was a group leader of our group .
He was our group leader .
Therefore , I got shocked and felt something betrayed when I heard the news of his change of job .
Therefore , I was shocked and felt somewhat betrayed when I heard the news of his change of job .
To say the truth , I was sorry I did n't think he was enough to be a leader of our group , so I often argued with him about the management .
But this is also true that I respect him a lot as a good engineer and I like him as a good elder friend .
But it is also true that I respect him a lot as a good engineer and I like him as a good elder friend .
Anyway , we miss him .
Anyway , we will miss him .
We wish his every success in his new job as well as his health .
Best wishes for him . . .
and all of us left behind .

Working Girl
I watched the DVD `` Working Girl `` yesterday .
Although I work hard everyday as the main character ,
Although I work hard everyday just like the main character ,
I wonder I gain experience for my future .
I wonder if I 'm gaining experience for my future .
In the end , she promoted and get a nice boy friend in the movie .
In the end , she was promoted and got a nice boyfriend in the movie .
I know that a real life does n't go great like a movie .
I know that real life does n't go as great as a movie .
However , I think of my life and do my best .
However , I think of my life and I do my best .

tell me please , why nobody dont fix my posts ?
what can I do for this ?
or I wrote right all posts ? ) ) I dont think so ) )
or maybe I write all posts correctly ? ) ) I dont think so ) )

I 'm Linda .
I wanna know foreigner be friends .
I wanna meet foreigners and make friends .
And learning new languages between you and me .
And learn new languages between us all .
My first diary ! !
My First Diary ! !
Hi , this is my first diary !
now I am practicing english sicnce I go to America next month .
Now I am studying English sicnce I go to America next month .
I 'm very exiting but
I 'm very excited but
worring about if I can speak english .
I 'm worried if I can speak English .
So I am practicing english now .
So I am studying English now .
I was told about this site my friend .
My friend told me about this site .
This site is very good for me .
well , I go to America with friend for one month .
Well , I go to America with my friend and we will stay for one month .
The aim is as follow : we do once around in America ! dyeah . .
To go to America is twice for me .
Once is my high school day .
I went there once when I was in high school .
Then , I was 17 years old .
At that time , I was 17 years old .
I stayed host family with friend and had very good time .
My friend and I stayed with our host family and we had a very good time .
I appreciated my host family since had very good time and like to America more and more .
I appreciated my host family since I had very good time . I came to like America more .
This time , I want to go to host family and will tell about my life after that time .
This time , I want to go to visit my host family and tell about my life after that .
anyway I use this site about for month and to aim at skill up .
Anyway I use this site about for month to improve my English .
I am glad to that anyone correct my diary .
I am glad if anyone corrects my diary .
Thank you

I would like to post some English and Japanese diary in order to improve my foreign languages from now on .
Today I saw a magazine about `` learning Japanese for free `` .
It told me that I can use this website to practice my writing .
It told me that I can use this website to practise my writing .
In short , I will try my best : )

I have to make Time ! !
I have n't written my dairy for a long time .
I have n't written in my dairy for a long time .
Since I had a cold I have n't got up early .
Since I had a cold I did n't get up early .
I get up at 6 in the morning recently .
I 've been waking up at 6 in the morning recently .
Now I am fine .
So I am going to get up at 5 tomorrow morning .
Then I can study English .

I Return the Book Bank to people .
Today I help people to get their things back .
Today I helped someone to get their property back .
I saw a bank book at the market .
It was on the table where the people ate foods .
It was on a table where people eat foods .
That market is near my office .
Someone forgot it .
Someone forgot that bank book .
I thought it was not their owner but It like their office owner .
Because I can saw inside a book show the company name .
Because I saw the company name inside that book .
I returned by the bank .
I took it back to the bank .
I went to the bank and returned the book .
I am happy that I help people today .
I am happy that I could help people today .

I am tired . . .
Today , I went to the Job Search Centre with the documents .
Today , I went to the Job Search Centre with the necessary documents .
I got the documents yesterday .
I woke early and it was before my alarm clock rang .
I woke so early and it was even before my alarm clock rang ( went off ) .
Come to think of it , I did not wake in the middle of the night .
I recently woke in the middle of the night .
Recently I always woke in the middle of the night .
Since I woke early , I lay down again .
Since it was too early , I laid down again .
The train of private railway which I got in was crowdy but Yamanote line was not crowdy .
The Centre is around ten minutes walk from the nearest station .
The Centre is about ten - minute 's walk from the nearest station .
There were some people waiting their turn , so I picked off the reception sheet and waited my turn .
There were some people waiting for their turn , so I picked up a reception sheet and waited for my turn .
After I did reception I got an introduction card for my application for a new job .
After the reception ( consultation ? ) I got an introduction card for my application for a new job .
The job was a receptionist of a hotel in Asakusa where far from my flat .
It is the job of a receptionist at a hotel in Asakusa which is far from my apartment .
I will write my application document , such as papers of my career .
And I will send these papers tomorrow .
I will receive a call whether they plan a interview with me .
I will receive a call on whether they plan to have an interview with me .
They will make the decision if they employ me .
They will make the decision if they are going to employ ( hire ) me .
I am old and have little careers of good job .
I am old and only had a few good jobs in my career .
So it is difficult to get new job but I can not loose hope .
So it is difficult to get a new job but I must not lose hope .

I want to improve English writing .
I want to improve my English writing .
I 'm student in the beijing .
I 'm a student in the beijing .
my english is too bad .
but I want to learn about english is very good .
but I want to learn about english . english is very good .
because I go to study abroad .
because I will go study abroad .
so , I hope that everyone help me english .
so , I hope that everyone will help me with my english .
thank you .

Make a presentation in your second language
I 've studied English so long and I can listen and understand what native speakers say .
I 've studied English for so long that I can listen and understand what native speakers say .
But I have to admit I ca n't speak enough .
But I have to admit , I ca n't speak well enough .
I want to reach the level that I be able to make a good presentation in front of audience .
I want to reach the level where I can make a good presentation in front of an audience .
In order to do that , I need to improve my vocabulary and fluency .
It 's very tough for me .
Sometimes I become desperate and feel that nobody can achieve to reach that level unless you lived in other countries when you were young .
Sometimes I become desperate and feel that nobody can achieve that level unless you lived in other countries when you were young .
But the idea was mistake .
But that idea is wrong .
You can make a good English presentation if you study hard .
I came to that conclusion when I see a presentation done by a president of a company .
I came to that conclusion when I saw a presentation by a president of a company .
He graduated from American Business school .
He graduated from an American business school .
But he had n't been to US before the business school .
But he had n't been to the US before business school .
He did a excellent presentatin about his expertise and his business .
He did an excellent presentation about his expertise and his business .
He answered all the question with sense of humor .
He answered all the questions with a sense of humor .
Now I believe I can be good english presentator someday if I keep studying .
Now I believe that I can be a good English speaker someday if I keep studying .

chopsticks
Chopsticks are famous Asian traditional tool to eat .
Chopsticks are a famous Asian traditional tool for eating .
The are made of woods .
The are made of wood .
Do you know how to use them ?
We always pick up foods .
Should not stickfoods .
Should not ( spear the food ? ) .
I 've lived in Japan since I was born , but it is difficult for me to pick up so small foods as soybean .
I 've lived in Japan since I was born , but it is difficult for me to pick up food as small as a soybean .
I think it is necessary that I should more practice .
I think it is necessary that I should practice more .

CNN student NEWS
I watched `` CNN student NEWS `` in Japan .
This news use easier English than `` abc NEWS `` .
This news program uses easier English than `` abc NEWS `` .
I like it !
Do you know it ?
Do you know about it ?
and Do you watch it ?

What 's over ?
She said she is over .
What 's over ?
It might be that she had been feeling sand or the wind of time .
These must have reflected her feelings .
These must have reflected themselves in her feelings .

`` Tokyo ``
I 'm going to go to the Tokyo for All Japan JHS chorus competition so I will leave my house early morning .
I 'm going to go to the Tokyo for the All Japan JHS chorus competition , so I will leave my house early in the morning .
I will arrive noon and I will go NHK concert hall .
I will arrive noon and go to the NHK concert hall .
After All Japan JHS chorus competition , I want to enjoy myself with my friend .
After All Japan JHS chorus competition , I want to have fun with my friends .
On sunday , I want to loaf at Ginza .

The question I often want to ask to a foeigner
The question I often want to ask a foreigner
What cause a peson leave his hometown and to a place which language even is diffeent ?
What causes a person to leave his hometown and go to a place where even the language is different ?
Many answers is to learn a new language .
Many answers would probably be to learn a new language .
But it must need any courage .
But it must take a lot of courage .
If your friend is going to a new country , what advice will you give to him o her ? like experience or somethng else
If your friend is going to a new country , what advice will you give to him or her ? like experience or somethng else

first attempt
I just became a member of this site ,
I just became a member of this site .
I am totally newbie like a - baby - deer - trying - to - get - up - on - his - feet
I am a totally newbie , like a baby deer trying to get up on his feet
so spank me up to become a good English writer .
so spank me up ( ? ) to become a good English writer .
I sometimes write sentences by using weired creation of my words .
Please correct them if they are so wrong or better way to say .
Please correct them if they are very wrong , or if there is a better way to say it .

November !
Now it 's getting colder than ever and there has been strong wind blowing for 2 days .
I feel really cold : (
I hope I would get used to this sooner . . .
I hope I get used to this sooner . . .
Well , I 've been thinking about the spelling of American English and British English .
For example , centre and center , you know .
So I thought `` November `` could be `` Novembre `` . . .
but is it correct ?
but is this correct ?
Here 's an another question .
Here 's another question .
What is the difference between Autumn and Fall ?
How does one meaning have 2 different words ?
I hope you can understand my poor English writing . . . and correct my writings .
Take care .

Christmas day was over
Christmas is over
Now Christmas day was over and I feel relief .
Now Christmas is over and I feel relief .
I know the event is always special for people .
All family members get together and eat turkey etc .
It is happy quality time to people .
My entire family is living in Japan .
I got married Canadian guy .
I got married to a Canadian guy .
I went to his family 's house on Christmas day .
I like his family because they try to be nice to me .
Of course I always try to be nice to them .
I have been here for three years but I still have language barrier .
And my sister in law is kind of difficult person .
I mean she is good person but I guess she is sometimes annoyed that I ca n't understand what she is talking about .
I feel so bad to her because I know some sisters in law are like best friends . . .
Anyway Christmas day was over . . .
Anyway Christmas is over . . .

Alcohol and Tea
It is true that I never felt obliged to drink when I was in Germany , Austria or any other European countries , which is quite my cup of tea : ) On the contratry , the social drinking in China can exhaust one , even kill one in extrem cases : ( I am surprised to know that there is also sort of tea ceremony in Germany ( Ostfriesland ) .
What my German friend described reminds me of Chinese Kungfu Tea - I attached a picture .
However , the Chinese drink tea in a very original way , normally without any extra supplement except tea leaves in hot water .
Personally I am not really a tea drinker .
But many Chinese enjoy tea drinking .

The earthquake in Japan
As you know , there are many earthquakes in Japan .
As you know , there have been many earthquakes in Japan .
In the Tohoku region , people are suffering from disease , lacking of food and water , tsunami and so on .
In the Tohoku region , people have been suffering from disease , and shortage of food and water , because of the tsunami and the earthquake .
However , I live in Kanagawa perfecture , which is remote from Tohoku region .
However , I live in Kanagawa perfecture , which is far from Tohoku region .
However , I live in Kanagawa prefecture , which is remote from Tohoku region .
Therefore , I can support people in the region only by fund - raising and power saving .
Therefore , I can support people in the region only by donation and saving power .
I feel my powerlessness .
I feel I 'm powerless .
My relatives live in the region .
So , I think they are also suffering .
So , I think they are also suffering .
I tried to get in touch with them over and over , but I couldn ` t .
I tried to get in touch with them over and over , but I couldn ` t .
I tried to get in touch with them over and over , but I failed finally
I ` m very worried about my relatives .
I 'm very worried about my relatives .
As I can ` t get in touch with them , all I have to do is pray that they are alive and healthy .
As I ca n't get in touch with them , all I have to do is to pray that they are alive and healthy .

The test of courage in the graveyard
My classmates and I did a test of courage last weekend .
We gathered at 11 p . m .
We paired off into couples .
It was paired by lot .
We entered the big graveyard and the pitch - dark tunnel at a time on a dare .
We entered the big graveyard and the pitch - dark tunnel one pair at a time on a dare .
We walked sandy beach on the way .
We walked the sandy beach on the way .
I like the sea of night .
I like the sea at night .
Moon and stars of the day were very beautiful .
The moon and stars that night were very beautiful .
Moon was bright , so it was n't in the dark .
The moon was bright , so we were n't in the dark .
So the test of courage was n't scare for me .
So the test of courage did n't scare me .
After that , we enjoyed talking and fireworks .
It became 4 a . m . over , and it was getting light .
So we broke up .

this is my first diary .
cos I registered Lang - 8 just now .
Because I just registered on Lang - 8 .
I think this is really nice web - site for learning language .
I think this is a really nice web - site for learning languages .
I wanted to find this more before .
I wanted to find out more about this before .
by the way , someone really will correct my diary ?
by the way , will someone really correct my diary ?
actually I do n't have friends here yet . . .

Drug : Recent Japanese fashion
Today , a famous japanese actress is placed on the wanted list .
Today , a famous Japanese actress was placed on the wanted list .
Her name is `` Noripi `` who are 38 years old .
Her name is `` Noripi `` . She is 38 years old .
Two days ago , another one famouse actor `` Oshio manabu `` is arrested as a suspected person .
Two days ago , another famous actor , `` Oshio manabu `` , was ( also ) arrested as a suspect .
They used some awakening drugs .
A lot of people feel sad about that and a part of one feel funny .
A lot of people feel sad about that , but others ( or : but other people ) feel amused .
Now the main concentration of all japanese is gathering at the Noripi .
Who catch her . . .
Who will catch her . . .

My Helpful Gadget
My electronic English dictionary is outstanding and easy to use .
I carry it with me at any time .
I carry it with me all the time .
I traveled abroad many times with it .
I look up a lot of words when I 'm on duty and study every day .
I look up a lot of words when I 'm on duty or studying every day .
It always help me and it 's a necessity for me .
It always helps me and it 's a necessity for me .
However , something has been wrong with it recently .
Its screen has gone off suddenly several times .
Oh , it 's a big problem .
Oh , it 's a big problem .
I suppose , I used it too much , or it has just reached its life .
I suppose , I used it too much , or it has just reached the end of its life .
I like it , but I should get a new one .
Some days ago , comic books I lended to my friend returned to me .
Though I have read it many times , I started read it again .
The name of the comic is `` SLAM DUNK `` .
Do you know the comic ?
Have you ever heard of it ?
It is very famouse in Japan .
It is very famous in Japan .
It is a story about basketball .
Story begins when main character loves a girl at first sight .
The girl lets he play basketball and he practices hard to be loved by her .
Gradually , he loves basketball as well and becomes good player .
I play basketball , so I can feel sympathy with characters .
I play basketball , so I can empathise with characters .
However , if you do n't play basketball , I recomend you read this comic .
The story is very exciting and moving .
Youcan enjoy it without a knowledge of basketball .
You can enjoy it even without a knowledge of basketball .
Why do n't you read it ?

Torrential rain
Affected by the outer band of Typhoon `` Parma `` , Taiwan had a lot of rain over the weekend .
[ Taiwan was a ] ffected by the outer band of Typhoon `` Parma `` , Taiwan had a lot of rain over the weekend .
The northern part of Taiwan often has much more rain in autumn and winter than in spring and summer .
It has been raining 3 days in a row .
It has been raining for 3 days in a row .
Instead of drizzle , it 's torrential rain .
Instead of a drizzle , it 's torrential rain .
The sound came from the rain licking the eaves waked me up in the middle of the night several times .
The sound of the rain hitting the eaves woke me up in the middle of the night several times .
Tapping on the windows rhythmically , rainy day has sort of Idyllic ambiance .
Yet the humid air always makes people feel uncomfortable , not to mention the outdoor activities .
And the most important fact is that my closes have not dried yet .
And the most important fact is that my clothes have not dried yet .

Shinokubo
I have to submit my plan for the thesis by the end of May .
I have to submit a plan for my thesis by the end of May .
But I 'm still wondering what theme I should choose .
But I 'm still wondering what theme I should choose .
While I major in Economics , especially focus on Globalization , I also started to attend the seminal for Anthropology from this April .
These days , My priority is changing from Economics to Anthropology .
So I 'm looking for a good theme which is related to both globalization and anthropology .
May be I 'm going to research about immigrant .
Do you know Shinookubo ?
Shinookubo is known as Korean town in Japan .
There are so many restaurants which provides various kind of Korean food , and many people visit there to eat them .
I live near Shinookubo , so I knew there since my youth , and I realized it has changed a lot comparing to it used to be .
However , I have n't go there for a long while , so I must go there and eat some delicious food !

Nice to meet you
My name is Mami .
I started this because I want to improve my ability of using English .
I started using this because I want to improve my English .
I started this because I want to improve my English .
First , I want to introduce about myself .
First , I want to introduce myself .
First , I want to introduce myself .
I 'm a university student and I 'm majoring in English and American literature so I 'm interested in learning about other countries .
I 'm a university student majoring in English and American literature , so I 'm interested in learning about other countries .
My dream is to go to many countries and to talk with many people there .
My dream is to visit many countries and to talk with many people there .
My favorite musicisians are NEWS , Tegomass , Demi Lovato and so on .
My favorite musicisians are NEWS , Tegomass , Demi Lovato , and so on .
My favorite movies are Harry Potter , Twilight and so on .
My favorite movies are Harry Potter , Twilight , and so on .
I love movies so I 'm in a movie making club .
I love movies so I belong to the movie - making club .

I am a student from Colombia and I try to learn English with this page , can someone help to this purpose ?
I am a student from Colombia and I 'm trying to learn English with this page , can someone help me
I am a student from Colombia and I `` m trying to learn English with this page , can someone help me ?

Beaufy and the Beast - Chapter one
Beauty and the Beast - Chapter One
Once , There was rich merchant in a big town .
Once , there was rich merchant in a big town .
He had many ships and he had three daughters .
The two elder sister was ugly and greedy .
The two elder daughters were ugly and greedy ,
But , The youngest daughter was difference elder sisters .
but the youngest daughter was different .
She was everything beauty .
Everything about her was beautiful .
Why her name is ' Beauty ' .
One day , the rich merchant suddenly lost everything .
But , Beauty thanked about everything .
But , Beauty was still thankful for everything .
Two elder sister try to rich man married to downtown .
But , They refused married .
Because , The man only was to see they money .
They family have to work .
They family had to work .
One day , the merchant heard some good news .
One of ships did n't sink .
So , He is going to the port .
So , he went to the port ,
But , the last ship was robbed by pirates .
but soon learned the last ship was robbed by pirates .
He sad , `` I must be cursed . ``

2010 . 11 . 5
5 / 11 / 2010 .
I have got the job and started to work after the interview .
I got the job and started to work after the interview .
There are many employees in the company .
I work with a art designer in an office .
I work with an art designer in an office .
He is a easy going person .
He is an easy going person .
It is busy and I have to learn many things .
It is busy , and I have to learn many things .
I also have to practice the design software `` Illustrator `` more .
I also have to practice the design software `` Illustrator `` more . + Adobe Illustrator ? +
I also have to practice using the design software `` Illustrator `` more .
I work from am10 : 00 to pm5 : 00 , then I go to school after work .
I work from 10 : 00am to 5 : 00pm , then I go to school after work .
I feel very tired and I can n't concentrate on my book .
I feel very tired , and I ca n't concentrate on my book .
Next week we will start to the mid - term exam .
Next week we will start to prepare for the mid - term exam .
I wish to have more time to prepare for the exam .
And I slso wish to have more time to practice `` salsa `` .
And I also wish to have more time to practice `` salsa `` dancing .
I hope everything can go smoothly in the future .
I hope everything will go smoothly in the future .

October sky
Today , I watched a movie `` October sky ``
Today , I watched a movie , `` October Sky . ``
The movie 's main actor is a boy called ' homer ' .
The movie 's main character is a boy called Homer .
The boy born and raised coal - mining town .
The boy was born and raised in a coal - mining town .
He has a dream , ( Being a rocket scientist . ) and in the end he did it .
He has a dream , to be a rocket scientist , and in the end he does .
The boy 's biggiest struggler is his father .
The boy 's biggestobstacleis his father .
He forced his son to be a miner .
But homer choose his life , not father 's .
But Homer chose his own life , not his father 's .
It 's interesting movie .
It 's an interesting movie .

Forrest Gump
A few days ago , I watched `` Forrest Gump `` , the DVD of which I had borrowed from a rental shop .
A few days ago , I watched `` Forrest Gump `` , which I had borrowed from a rental shop .
It is such a famous film that I had known it by name for several years .
I do n't describe the details of this film , because if you have never watched it I want you to watch it .
I wo n't describe the details of this film , because if you have never watched it I want you to watch it .
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and it will tell you something important .
I got PlayStation3 about a month ago , so I want to borrow Blu - ray next and to play it on PS3 .
I hear the image quality of Blu - ray is excellent .

Today , I took a voice training lesson at Shibuya .
Hi , everyone !
I have taken a voice training lesson since 2009 .
I have been taking a voice training lesson since 2009 .
I am belong to Marketing division at work , so that I often make a presentation
I belong to the Marketing division at work , so I often make a presentation
for sales promotion of our products .
to promote the sales of our products .
In Japan , most people tend to like high tone voice , but I did n't have high voice .
In Japan , most people tend to like a high pitched voice , but I did n't have that .
I thought it is important for an attractive presentation to make a speech with clear voice .
For an attractive presentation , I thought it was important to be able to make a speech with a clear voice .
That is why I started to take a training .
That is why I started to take training .
The voice trainer is very nice , so the training is very fun .
Now many audiences praise my presentation .
Now , many different audiences praise my presentations .
I want to improve my voice more .

unkind full god
I was totally threw out when I got out from my last lab class on Friday .
I was totally put out when I got out of my last lab class on Friday .
when my class was over I was chatting on Facebook with my friend suddenly one of the my class - met came and started shouting and crying .
When my class was over , I was chatting on Facebook with my friend and suddenly one of the my classmates came to me and started shouting and crying .
I asked in loud voice `` what happed why are you crying `` then he told `` just check the news on internet `` what happened I asked tsunami in japan he told I was thread up that time .
I searched BBC news it was unbelievable oh god what you have done .
I searched BBC news and it was unbelievable . Oh God , what you have done ?
then I released that god always cursed on people .
Then I realized that God has always cursed people .
if he did n't want the livings beings then why he created these all this to see the this type of events I totally angry on the god .
If he did n't want the living beings then why did he create all of us to see this type of event . I am totally angry with God .
I know some people do bad things but some are helpful to other .
I know some people do bad things , but some are helpful to others .
where is the god I do n't believe he is so kind full for the creature that he creates .
Where is God ? I do n't believe he is very kind to the creatures he created .
ohhh god I humbly request you please stop this fearful , dread full things do n't cruse your son if you are really a god .
Oh , God , I humbly request that you please stop these fearful , dreadful things . Do n't cruse your son if you are really a God .
Any father will never want that his son get trouble then why are you so unkindness .
No father will ever want his son to be troubled . Then why are you so unkind ?
if we makes some little mistake give some little punishment but people of japan are so kindful and labourish you cant expect .
If we make a little mistake , give us a little punishment . But the people of japan are so kind and laborious , you ca n't explain .
please . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . stop this . . . . . . .

Sit - ups
I felt myself to gain ground vitality when I exercised to strengthen the abdominal muscles .
I felt that I gained ground vitality when I exercised to strengthen the abdominal muscles .
It is no grounded opinion .
Just my sense .
Just my feeling .
I wonder if my body would be straight .
I wonder if my body will be straight .

Let 's keep a diary today !
in broken English . lol
This is a third try to start keeping a diary . . .
This time , I will continue to keep a diary .
I think there are many mistakes in grammer , I would appreciate it if you could point out my mistake .
I think there are many mistakes in grammar , I would appreciate it if you could point out my mistake .
Anyhow , there is something fun in Mito life , I will make an entry in my diary about that arbitrarily .
With this is mind , I beg your kindness .

Find a job
I 'm completely broke since I arrived Japan .
I 'm completely broke since I arrived in Japan .
I should n't have traveled in Australia with my friend if I want to save some money but of course I could n't do that .
I should n't have gone traveling in Australia with my friend if I want to save some money but of course I could n't do that .
It 's our first and could be last time to travel there .
It 's our first and possibly last time to travel there .
It 's our first and could be our last time to travel there .
Everytime never be the same , so I chose to use money .
I do n't know what will happen in the future [ ? ] , so I chose to use the money .
Everytime can never be the same , so I chose to spend my money .
It 's right decision .
It was the right decision .
It 's the right decision .
Our travel was so excited , special time for us .
Our trip was such an exciting , special time for us .
Our travel was so exciting , a special time for us .
And now , I need to find a job .
I used to work in a hotel in Osaka before I go to Australia .
I used to work in a hotel in Osaka before I went to Australia .
I want to try something new now .
I want to use English for my job .
I want to use English in my job .
As you know , it 's not easy .
I have n't decided what kind of job I want to do .
I 'll do my best , please cross your finger for me ; )
I 'll do my best , please cross your fingers for me ; )
Thank you .

My poster presentation 6 ( last )
This is the last part of my presentation .
Thank you for everyone who read them and corrected my English .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Can we control our immune system ? ?
If hygiene hypothesis is correct , we might control our immune system and prevent disease .
If children play out side and contact many bacteria , they might prevent allergic disease .
If children get more outdoor play and contact many bacteria , they might avoid allergic disease .
Furthermore , there are several reports that some food including bacteria work well with our body .
Furthermore , there are several reports that some foods containing bacteria work well with our body .
For example , yogurt including lactic acid bacteria is believed to make us healthy and prevent disease , because these bacteria strengthen the immune system .
For example , yogurt containing lactic acid bacteria is believed to make us healthy and prevent disease , because these bacteria strengthen the immune system .
This hypothesis is called probiotics and widespread to people .
However , it is still unclear how much the probiotics affect the immune system and prevent disease .
However , it is still unclear how much the probiotics affect the immune system and prevent the disease .
Our environment including our body has already many bacteria and we are exposed by them all time .
Our environments including our body already have many bacteria and we are exposed to them all time .
The most of data as beneficial to our body are clamed by companies producing fermented foods .
The most of data demonstating the benefits to our body are clamed by companies producing fermented foods .
There are research conflicts and we need much more study fairly .
There are research conflicts and we need much more fair studies .

First Diary
First Diary
From today , I want to keep a diary in English .
From today , I want to keep a diary in English .
Starting today , I want to keep a diary in English .
This is hard for me , but I want to speak Engish in some day .
This is hard for me , but I want to speak English some day .
So please check my English and I 'll check Japanese diary as possible as I can .
So please check my English and I 'll check your Japanese diary as much as I can .
I want to have many friends in this community .
I want to have many friends in this community .
I want to write more , but tomorrow , I have my part time job .
I want to write more , but tomorrow , I have my part time job .
So I have to go to bed .
So I have to go to bed .
Good night .
Good night .

my son catch a cold
My son has caughta cold .
I have one boy who is 9 months years old .
I have a sonwho is 9 months old .
He has caught a cold from last Saturday .
He caught a cold last Saturday .
Yesterday , he was absent from childcare .
But today , he has gone to childcare .
I am worry about him .
I am worriedabout him .

I am at home .
I want to learn englisch .
I want to learn English .
I want to travel .
waht time is it .
What time is it ?

Earthquake
In Japan , there was an erathquake measuring 9 on the Richter scale on March 11 .
In Japan , there was an earthquake measuring 9 on the Richter scale on March 11 .
I 'm fine , but many many people died . . .
I 'm so sad and pray for missing people safty .
I 'm so sad and pray for missing people 's safety .
I hope Japan rebuild after the earthquake as soon as possible .
I hope Japan rebuilds after the earthquake as soon as possible .

sea otters
In the wild , sea otters sleep wrapping seaweed around their bodies so they wo n't be carried away by the ocean current .
In an aquarium , they do n't have to be worried about being crried away .
In an aquarium , they do n't have to be worried about being carried away .
In an aquarium , they do n't have to be worried about being carried away .
However , they may not feel easy unless they catch something in their sleep .
However , they may not feel at ease unless they catch something in their sleep .
However , they may not feel at ease unless they catch something in their sleep .
Sea otters which live in a aquarium sometimes sleep hand in hand .
Sea otters that live in aquariums sometimes sleep hand in hand .
Sea otters that live in an aquarium sometimes sleep hand in hand .
It is my picture .

My wife said that the baby in her inside did many hiccups yesterday .
My wife said that the baby inside her had a lot of hiccups yesterday .
It was for about one minute .
It lasted for about one minute .
She said it is maybe for practice to breath after the birth .
She said maybe he was trying to practice breathing before birth .
It was interesting for me .
How often do you do hiccups ?
How often do you hiccup ?

Today 's dinner
Today 's dinner .
I have been cooked fried chicken and salada this evening .
I cooked fried chicken and salada this evening .
Fried chicken is called `` Karaage `` in Japanese .
Fried chicken is called `` Karaage `` in Japanese .
It 's most popular food and young peoples love it .
Its the most popular food and young people love it .
I have ever been heard `` I dislike Karaage `` .
I never heard people say `` I dislike Karaage `` .
We can buy it convenience shop , supermarket , restaurant and so on .
We can buy it at the convenience shop , supermarket , restaurant and so on .
Of course , I love it .
Of course , I love it .

Yesterday I was doing skype to my shool friends .
Yesterday , I was on Skype with my school friends .
Yesterday is second saturday .
In india second saturday is holiday .
There is no my class .
There is n't any class .
I was doing `` skype `` to my school friends .
I enjoyed these times .
I enjoyed that time .

The study of English works hard
I will work hard to study English
Nice to meet you .
I am a student in Japan .
It comments because the diary will be written in the future .

Double numbers at the clock ! ( u ^ u )
Have you ever seen in you clock `` 12 : 12 `` ?
Have you ever seen your clock when it shows `` 12 : 12 `` ?
The people says that see this kind of numbers ( double numbers ) you will have good luck !
People say that seeing these kind of numbers ( double numbers ) will bring you good luck !
Or maybe someone is thinking of you !
I do n't know if this is true or false because I saw that kind of numbers at the time ! !
I do n't know if this is true or false because I see that kind of numbers all the time ! !
In the supermaket , in the car , in my computer , in everywhere ! ! ! xD
Some people says that is something psycological I do n't know but is funny !
I like to think that I 'm gon na have luck or someone is thinking on me xD ( althought I think that is n't good , some people I do n't like me ( no les caigo bien ) ) But It 's ok .
Is something positive .
For some strange reason I like to believe in weird things .
Thanks for reading this weird entry .
Have a nice day .

Too cold . . .
I fell very cold .
I feel very cold .
So I dislike winter . . .

short diary .
I dropped by book store after work today .
I dropped by a bookstore after work today .
I wanted to get fashion magazine but I remembered that I forgat my purse .
I wanted to get a fashion magazine but I remembered that I forgot my purse .
I 'll go to there again tomorrow .
I 'll go there again tomorrow .
- - - - - - -
Today is DORAEMON 's birthday . : )
Google is also celebrating him !
Nice ! !

I want to make a call to Canada .
About 2 years ago I went to Vancouver .
And I staid a month at homestay .
And I stayed a month on a homestay .
During I live in vancouver , my homestay family treat me as a member of their family .
So I was very comfortable and I enjoy a foreign trip .
So I was very comfortable , and I enjoyed my stay / my trip / etc . .
I came Korea and wanted to call them .
I came back to Korea and wanted to call them .
Becaus I lost his e - mail address .
. . . because I lost their e - mail address .
But it impose a little burden on me .
But I 'm having a little trouble .
I 'm not a fluent speaker .
I spend time hesitatingly .
I want be sure to telephone them before more time passes .
I want be sure to call them before ( more / too much ) time passes .

My friend married ! !
My friend got married ! !
My friend got married ! !
My friend married last May .
My friend got married last May .
My friend got married last May .
The friend is the same age as me ( 22 yeas old ) , so I was surprised a little .
That friend is the same age as me ( 22 years old ) , so I was a little surprised .
The friend is the same age as me ( 22 years old ) , so I was a little surprised .
In Japan , people relatively married around 30 yeas old .
In Japan , people usually get married at around 30 years old .
Relatively , people in Japan get married at around 30 years old .
In your country , how old do people marry ?
In your country , how old are people when they get married ?
In your country , how old are people when they marry ?

Oh , hell !
I went for a check up .
I gained weight this year than last year . ( - - ; )
I gained more weight this year than last year . ( - - ; )
I gained more weight this past year as compared to last year . ( - - ; )

My New Painting Studio
I started to clean up a room which we have been using as a closet .
The room has an air conditioner .
Since my painting studio does n't have any air conditioner , I have used a fan .
However , when I paint , since my painting mediums are powder , they often fly off .
Although I asked my husband to set a new air conditioner to the room , he always pretends that he can not listen to my story .
So , I decided to clean up the closet for my new painting studio in summer time .
So , I decided to clean up the closet for my new painting studio for summer time .
Since the room is next to our kitchen , I also cleaned up our kitchen .
Although I do n't like cleaning , after finished cleaning up the kitchen , I felt refreshed .
Although I do n't like cleaning , after I finished cleaning up the kitchen , I felt refreshed .
I will still keep on cleaning the closet tomorrow .
I am really looking forward to making a new comfortable painting studio for summer seasons .

How do you do ?
I can reading .
I can read .
But , I ca n't writing .
So want to study here .
So I want to study here .
I 'm not like agrammar .
I 'm not good at grammar .
The dictionary is used , it may be wrong .
The dictionary was used , I may be wrong .
Wont ' you correct my English composition ?
Wo n't you correct my English ?

July 11 , 2011
We went to a park in Kami - hoshikawa in the morning yesterday .
My sons went into a fountain there .
We can push a button and misty water comes out from a hole .
My first son enjoyed this .
My first son also played with a water gun with a stranger who was there .
They had fun but the water gun broke down unfortunately .
My wife went to a hair salon in the afternoon .
My sons and I went to JJ club .
My sons and I went to JJ club . `` the `` JJ club
We played soccer , baseball , basketball and some computer games there .
We also met my son 's classmate there .
My second son ate popcorn too much .
We were there for about two hours .
I made dinner because of my turn .

March 11 . 2010 ( tursday )
It was like Spring warm today .
My husband and I went to the library Today .
we read some books for an hour or so .
We read some books for an hour or so .
I got tired .
I 'm going to go to bed early tonight .
Good night !

How to study English
I think the best way to study English is to talk with a native speaker .
But if we take a private lesson with him or her , we need to pay around 5000 yen ( about 60 US dollar ) per hour in Japan .
Hence I make it a rule to speak with myself about what happened to me on the day .
Hence I make it a rule to speak to myself about what happened to me during / throughout the day .
I hope I will be able to master it by this way .
I hope I will be able to master it this way .

My 86th English Gogyohka
Though the Earth
is full of scraches
by human wars
it 's brilliant blue
in a dark universe .

I love surfing .
The surf is the most important in my life . . .
Surfing is the most important thing in my life . . .
I love surf but surf its very simillar a drugs .
I love surfing but surfing is very simillar to drugs .
Is very addicted .
It is very addicting .
Surfing is good for travelling a lot of the world and search different beaches .
Surfing is good for travelling the world and searching for different beaches .
Now I stay in Australia , for me Australia its a trannig , Im return to Spain I have veur contest and now I go to surfing every day .

I wrote to ETS again
To whom it may concern ,
Thank you for reply so soon .
Thank you for your prompt reply .
ETS is the most effcient institution I have ever seen .
ETS is the most efficient institution I have ever seen .
I deeply appreciate that you take my problem as your concern .
I deeply appreciate that you taken the time to consider my problem .
But I still have one more question about the process of changing my name .
But Ihave one more question about the process of changing my name .
My situation is , I did n't know that I made a mistake on my name until the staff of the test center told me , that is , they told me that just before the test began .
My situation is that I did n't know ( that ) I had made a mistake on my name until the staff of the test center told me , which was just before the test began .
So my question is :
So my question is the following :
`` Is the test center obligated to report it to ETS if they found there 's inconsistency between the name of registration and the passport the student showed ? ``
`` Is the test center obligated to report to ETS if they discover an inconsistency between the registered name and the name on the student 's passport ? ``
Is the testing center obligated to report to ETS if they find an inconsistency between the registered name and the name in the student 's passport ?
The reason why I ask this question is that I have some friends they also made mistakes on their name , however , the staff of the test center help them report it to ETS .
I ask this question because I have some friends who had also made a similar mistake on their name , however , the staff of the test center helped them report it to ETS .
Eventually , all of them corrected their name successfully !
Eventually , all of them had their names corrected successfully !
Okay , let 's get back to the question .
( Okay , let 's get / ) Going back to my question .
If the answer is `` YES `` , then I could ask for damages from the test center I took test in .
If your answer is `` YES `` , then I could seek damages from the test center where I took the test .
They should take the responsibility for their carelessness .
Because of their negligence , I spent 160USD and get nothing !
( Because of / ) Due to their negligence , I had spent USD160 and got nothing !
My TOEFL score would be invalid becuase that they did n't have my name correct !
My TOEFL score is invalid becaus they did n't have my name corrected !
If the answer is `` NO `` , then I will cast doubts on the reliance of ETS .
If your answer is `` NO `` , then I will have doubts on the reliability of ETS .
How can you let a person without conformity between the registration name and passport name take the test .
In other words , anyone could replace me to take this test .
In other words , anyone could have replaced me to take the test .
It is kind of serious problem , right ?
The staffs of test center knew that there is a mistake on my name , but they still let me take the test .
The staff at the test center knew that there was a mistake on my name , but they still let me to take the test .
What if I were someone else ?
I know the rule is the rule .
Maybe you can not help me with my name correction , but you can help yourselves to improve your process of training invigilators .
I am just a poor student who want to study abroad .
I am just a poor student who wants to study abroad .
I only earn 350USD per month , and the test took me almost half of my salary .
I only earn USD350 per month , and the test cost me almost half my salary .
All I want is a fair test .
All I want is fair treatment .
I know I make the first mistake , it 's my fault .
I know it was my own mistake to begin with .
But there are others who made same mistakes then got repair .
But there are others who have made the same mistakes and then had their names / mistakes corrected .
We have same problem but end up with different consequence .
They and I have the same problem but we end up with different consequences .
That 's just so unfair !
Thank you for your reply again ! !
Thank you again for your prompt reply .
Really appreciate .
It is really appreciated .
Sincerely yours ,
Yours sincerely ,
Chang , Yi - Hsien

In the middld of night I woke up by some terrible sound .
In the middle of the night I woken up by a terrible sound .
It was the sound of raining , which was so loud that I could n't sleep any more .
It was different from the usual and it rained so heavily that it seemed like someone on the clouds pours the water to the ground .
Just as was expected , the flooding and damage news was reported in the morning .
Just as I expected , there were news reports of flooding and damage in the morning
Go for the cup , Japan !
Japan 0 - 0 Australia in Asian Cup final !
Japan and Australia are at 0 - 0 in the Asian Cup final !
It 's gon na go into the extra time !
It 's gon na go into overtime !
Beat Australia , Japan , pleeeeeese !
Beat Australia , Japan , pleeeeeease !
Btw , why on earth theres no pizza delivery at midnight ?
Btw , why on earth is there no pizza delivery at midnight ?
I need a pizza and coke !

first time using lang - 8
My first time using Lang - 8
hi everyone , this is my first time using lang - 8 .
Hi everyone , this is my first time using Lang - 8 .
my friend says it 's really helpful .
My friend says it 's really helpful ,
so I wanna try it : P I 'm not very sure how it works .
so I want to try it : P I 'm not ( entirely ) sure how it works .
is it like that I write an article or something and everyone who speaks this language will judge it and gives advise ?
I wanna learning formal english .
I want to learning formal English .
cz it 's really a problem for me .
Because it 's really a problem for me .
I used too much speaking english in my reports and essays .
I dont know the differences .
I do n't know the differences .
would you please give me some examples ?
Would you please give me some examples ?
Thanks !

Nightmares
I often have had nightmares since broke up .
I often have had nightmares since we broke up .
After waking up with a start , I become sleeplessly .
Therefore , I am in a state of poor mind at work .
Therefore , I am tired at work .
How long does this condition continue ?
How long will this condition continue ?
I am so tired , and I want to live easily and normally .

Long time no see !
Day before yesterday , and yesterday , I played in a band .
Yesterday and the day before , I played in a band .
I was part of the base .
I played that song was `` HEAVEN `` ( Janne da arc ) , `` God knows `` and `` Empty color days `` .
The song I played was `` HEAVEN `` ( Janne da arc ) , `` God knows `` and `` Empty color days `` .
I could not play well at all .
But I could really enjoy !

Happy with life ?
After I have read the article about `` Are you happy with life ? `` from the newsgroup .
After I read an article titled `` Are you happy with life ? `` in a newsgroup .
Then , I ask myself .
I asked myself .
I do n't really know I am happy or not .
I do n't really know whether I am happy or not .
It is so complicated .
Sometimes , I would to like to want more and more pretty clothes even I have had much clothes already .
Sometimes , I would like more pretty clothes even though I have have so many clothes already .
My mother always scold me , `` Why are you buy so much clothes , but could n't see me wearing the clothes ? `` Heehee , I do n't know why I just want to buy it at that moment .
My mother always scolds me , `` Why do you buy so many clothes , but never wear them `` Heehee , I do n't know why I just want to buy them at that moment .
After I went home , I felt I have bought the wrong things and felt unsatisfied .
After I go home , I feel I have bought the wrong things and feel unsatisfied .
On the other hand , when my friend annoyed me , I will feel angry for a few days .
On the other hand , when my friends are annoyed with me , I will feel angry for a few days .
But , After a week , I will felt nothing at all .
But , after a week , I will feel nothing at all .
So , every little things can make me happy , and every little things can make me dispressed .
So , every little thing can make me happy , and every little thing can make me depressed .
I do n't know how to reply this question .
I do n't know how to answer this question .

I went to restaurant with my family .
Today I went to restaurant with my family .
Today I went to a restaurant with my family .
It was the last chance that we were all rest in this summer .
It was the last chance we had to rest this summer .
My father said Let 's eat delicious lunch !
My father said , `` Let 's eat a delicious lunch ! ``
We could eat anything for Thousand Yen , but my father had 4 meal tickets , so we could eat free ! : D
We could eat anything for a thousand yen but my father had 4 meal tickets , so we could eat for free ! : D
There were a lot of delicious foods !
There was a lot of delicious food !
For example , French cuisine , Chinese food , Japanese food , and desserts ! !
For example , French cuisine , Chinese food , Japanese food and dessert ! !
Look at the picture .
I dished up beautiful : )
I ate two dishes of foods and one dish of dessert .
I ate my fill heartily , but my family ate more .
I heartily ate my fill but my family ate more .
My father and brother ate three times as much as I do !
My father and brother ate three times as much as I did !
So we could n't eat dinner , but it 's OK because I do n't want to put on a lot of weight !
A assignment .
I have to do an assighment about nail art .
And I have to do a powerpoint .
I 'm anxious about that .
My English grammer is very bad .
I have no idea .
How much does finger nail art cost ?
After a long interval . . . . . . .
Tuesday , July 18th .
It 's rainy today .
It 's raining today .
I studied English Pronunciation today .
It 's funny .
but I felt that is very different with Korean .
so I did speaking slowly .
so I spoke slowly .
I 'll study English Pronunciation harder tomorrow .
I will study harder in English pronunciation tomorrow .

international problems
Rich countries often give financial aid to poor countries , but it does not solve the poverty , so rich counties should give other types of help to the poor countries rather than the financial aid .
Developed countries often give financial aid to poor / developing countries , but this alone does not solve poverty . Developed countries should also give other types of help to poor countries instead of / in addition to financial aid .
To what extent do you agree or disagree ?
Write at least 250 words .
Currently , it is not uncommon for rich counties offer financial aid to the poor countries , for the sake of helping them shake off poverty .
Currently , it is not uncommon for rich countries offer financial aid to the poor countries , for the sake of helping them shake off ( overcome ) poverty .
It is not uncommon for developed countries to provide financial aid to poor countries to help them overcome poverty .
But the effort seems not effective enough that many impoverished countries still suffer from poverty and other problems .
But the effort seems to not be effective enough , and as a result many impoverished countries still suffer from poverty and other problems .
But the effort seems insufficient ; many of these countries still suffer from poverty and related problems .
Therefore , which form of aid should be offered to the poor countries has been a topic of discussion .
Therefore , in what form of aid should be offered to the poor countries has been a topic of discussion .
The forms of aid that should be offered to poor countries has consequently become a topic of discussion .
Some people are convinced that wealthy countries should offer aid in alternative forms such as education or technology instead of strictly financial support .
Some people are convinced that wealthy countries should offer aid in alternative forms such as education or technology instead of strictly financial support .
There is no doubt that one country can not develop to be a strong one while it always relying on other countries help .
There is no doubt that one country can not develop to be a strong one while it is always relying on other countries ' help .
There is no doubt that a country can not truly develop if it is always relying on other countries ' help .
It is the development of education and technology that can really push one country to become a wealthy one .
It is through the development of education and technology that one country can really push another country to become a wealthy one .
It is the development of education and technology that can really push one country to become a wealthy one .
When a country is so poor that it can not develop its own education and technology by itself , the assists that served with education and technology from rich countries can make a great effort .
When a country is so poor that it can not develop its own education and technology by itself , the assistance from rich countries can make a great impact .
Take India as an example .
India is a country which used to be so poor that can not afford the huge domestic cost , but it become more powerful than ever before due to the development of computer technology , which is benefit from the technology aids from developed countries .
India is a country which used to be so poor that it could not afford the huge domestic cost , but it became more powerful than ever before due to the development of computer technology , which it benefitted from the technology aids received from developed countries .
By contrast , some others may claim that financial aid should remain the most effective form of aid .
Apparently , most poor countries rely on direct financial support to relieve pressures of poverty , which can use in different ways to alleviate the poverty , such as buying foods for hungers and buying military equipment for the stability of the country .
Many poor countries rely on direct financial support to relieve pressures of poverty , which they can use in different ways to alleviate the poverty , such as buying foods to combat hunger , or buying military equipment for the stability of the country .
Many poor countries rely on direct financial support to relieve the pressures of poverty . This support can be used in different ways , which include buying food and military equipment .
The citizens of such countries will suffer from hunger and disturbance if financial aid is withdrawn .
In some cases , the citizens of such countries will continue to suffer from hunger and hardship if financial aid is withdrawn .
In conclusion , as long as rich countries help poor ones , any form of aid is acceptable .
The main issue should be how the poor countries make good use of these aids in a proper way to improve the wellbeing of the citizens .
The main issue should be how the poor countries make good use of these aids in order to improve the well - being of their citizens .

To the core
I just learnt a phrase `` To the core . `` so I would like to make a sentence .
I just learnt a new phrase , `` to the core . `` So I would like to try and make some example sentences .
He changed a lot to the core .
He changed a lot , all the way to his core .
Can you understand it to the core ?

Today is pay day .
It is very happy .
I am very happy .
But my salary is cut 15 percent to ease the company financial crisis .
However , my salary was reduced by 15 percent to ease the companies financial crisis .
Then , my allowance is cut 20 percent by my wife .
Then , my allowance was reduced 20 percent by my wife .
I can not drink with my subordinate .
I can not drink as frequently with my subordinates anymore .
I will buy small cakies for my wife ( family ) , and will negotiate the incease my allowance .
I will buy small cakes for my wife ( and family ) , and I hope I can negotiate an increase in my allowance .
I bought the blue - ray / hard - disk recorder on installment last year , and keep paying a loan from my allowance .
I bought the blue - ray / hard - disk recorder on installment last year , and will keep repaying my hire - purchase agreement from my allowance .
But the hard - disk is almost full with my wife 's TV program ( SMAP , Arashi , . . . . . ) .
Today , My wife will watch the TV program ; SMAP - SMAP that was recorded by my wife at yesterday night .
Today , My wife will watch the TV program ; SMAP - SMAP that was recorded by my wife at last night .
Please increase my allowance .
I really hope my wife will increase my allowance .

Good morning
Good morning .
I am drinking coffee and I awoke .
I woke up and now I am drinking coffee .
Today I go to study English in library .
Today I 'm going to study English in the library .
I do my best .
I 'll do my best .

Nice to meet you !
Nice to meet you !
I 'm coming this site for the first time .
My name is ai - ko .
I 'm a Japanse in Hokkaido .
I 'm Japanese , living in Hokkaido .
I want to learn English !
I 'm going to take an English licensee on June . , so I study English more harder ! !
I 'm going to take an English licensee in June , so I want to study English harder ! !
My hobby is listening to music , playing the bass , reading books , and more , but I like traveling the best of all .
My hobby is listening to music , playing the bass , reading books , and more , but I like traveling the best of all .
My hobbies are listening to music , playing the bass , reading books , and more , but I like traveling the best of all .
I have been to Japan except for Okinawa .
I have been everywhere in Japan except for Okinawa .
Japan has many wonderful places .
If you have interesting about Japan , I 'll introduce you many information .
If you have an interest in Japan , I 'll introduce you to much information .
Please send me messages !

I am very proud that Mandarin is my mother tongue .
Chinese characters are difficult to learn .
However , every one whose mother tongue are Mandarin will be able to recognize Chinese characters since they are 4 years old .
However , everyone whose mother tongue is Mandarin will be able to recognize Chinese characters from about 4 years old .
I remember I recognize Chinese characters through reading the comic books whose name is `` DORAEMON `` .
I remember I recognized ( or learned ? ) Chinese characters through reading the comic books called `` DORAEMON `` .
Before , I had been asking `` are you signing or just speaking `` by a Macedonia girl .
Once , a Macedonian girl asked me `` are you singing or just speaking ? ``
There are 5 tones in the Mandarin .
Therefore , sometimes it 's like signing .
Therefore , sometimes it 's like singing .
Besides , there are many words which have the same meaning but more elegant .
My major was Chinese literature .
Thus , my friends can write gorgeous and delicate articles .
In Mandarin , we should let the words we use be short but more meaningful .
I hope foreigners can enjoy Mandarin . : )

Independent animations
I like not only live action movies but also animations .
I prefer independent animations rather than popular ones .
I often see them in movie theaters and on DVD .
And yet , I can ` t see many independent animations because they are not so popular .
I sometimes search them on youtube as well .
A lot of good animations are made in many countries like Russia , Czech , and Canada .
A lot of good animations are made in many countries like Russia , The Czech Republic , Canada and of course in Japan .
Of course - - in Japan .
Many young creators are making good works in these days .
You can see some trailers on youtube .
Atsushi Wada is just awesome !

A busy day !
Today we got three calves .
All of them were female .
All of them are female .
It was luky for our dairy farm .
It is good for our dairy farm because
After Two years , they will product milk for us .
after Two years , they will produce milk for us .

CocoonTower
Today , I visit CocoonTower at Shinjyuku in Tokyo .
CocoonTower is a building of vocational school .
There is a big bookstore in B1 floor and B2 floor of this building .
There is a big bookstore on B1 floor and B2 floor .
I went to the bookstore .
CocoonTower has very strange general view .
CocoonTower looks really strange .
Watch it with Google Street View at this url .
Look at it with Google Street View at this url .
I heard that , in emergency upper part of the building open for landing of helicopter .
I heard that , in an emergency , the upper part of the building opens up for the landing of helicopters .

It 's snowing
It 's snowing today .
Too cold ! !
In Tokyo , we have snow only once or twice a year and the snow does not stay on the ground .
By the way , today Sasuke ( Ninja something ) was been broadcasted .
By the way , today Sasuke ( Ninja something ) was broadcasted live .
I did not know Sasuke is popular in the U .
I was suprised a lot .

Quality paper
A Japanese blogger wrote a entry about `` Foreign affairs report `` , this is the most affective quality paper in the world .
A Japanese blogger wrote an entry about `` Foreign affairs report `` , this is the most affective quality paper in the world .
I want to read it once !
I want to read it once !
These days I have much interest about international incidents .
These days I have much interest ininternational incidents .
However , it 's too expensive for me to buy . . . .
However , it 's too expensive for me to buy it . . . .
It costs me 2200 yen ( about 20 dollors ) , this is equal to my food expence for 1 week .
It costs me 2200 yen ( about 20 dollors ) , this which is equal to my weekly food expences
It costs me 2200 yen ( about 20 dollars ) , and this is equal to my weekly food expenses .
I 'm going to ask the university 's library to buy it !
I 'm going to ask the university 's library to buy it !

I ring his phone somethime .
But I do n't know my real mind .
But I do n't know how I really feel .
I mean I do n't know what to think about him .
I mean , I do n't know what to think about him .
When I feel lonely ,
I just feel like taking with him .
I just feel like talking to him .
I just feel this , but
I feel this , but
I do n't want to think this is love .
I do n't want to think that this is love .
My best friend says that girls should be persue by boys otherwise
My best friend says that girls should be persued by boys otherwise
your heart might be hurt by thinking own lover too much .
your heart might get hurt by thinking about your lover too much .
I agree with her .
However I ca n't help ringing his phone though
However I ca n't help ringing him .
he hardly call me .
he hardly calls me .
I know he takes advantage of me .
I become selfish when my heart is filled with a person .
That 's why I do n't want to love someone .

Which Is Correct ?
Which is correct ?
Which one is correct ?
1 ) I sent a email to him .
1 ) I sent an email to him . < < This is correct
2 ) I sent to him a email .

I was watching TV with my son .
The program was `` Mickey Mouse Club House `` .
Mickey sometimes said `` Hot Dog ! ``
I thought `` Why Hot dog ? ? ? `` Bread with sausage ?
But It does n't match such a thing .
But it does n't match such a thing .
As I used the dhictionary , I knew that means `` That 's right `` .
I looked it up in the dictionary and found out that it means , `` That 's right . ``
It 's interesting , is n't it ?
What I wanna know , this expression is childih or not ?
What I wanna know , is this expression is childish or not ?
What I wanna know is if this expression childish or not ?
What I wanna know is , is this expression childish or not ?
If adults use this sentence , is that strange ?
If adults use this sentence , is it strange ?

Questions - In Need of Help
One of my friends asked me for help with his English composition .
I could n't confidently do him the favor as I know my English is broken English .
I could n't help him with much confidence because / since I know my English is n't perfect .
However I did somehow , but still in need of help .
I did my best , but it could still be improved .
So , may I ask you to correct these sentences for grammatical error ?
1 ) This is to show my willing to learn sincerely .
1 ) This shows ( is an example of ) my genuine willingness to learn .
2 ) This has been a good opportunity for understanding the difference from others .
2 ) This has been a good opportunity learn about our differences .
3 ) I put my priority to other people and put their needs before mine and always make myself lower .
4 ) Not only in the military , but also while working in the restaurant , and everywhere I 've been in , There apparently has been the concept of rank engaged .
4 ) Everywhere I 've worked in Korea and everywhere I 've been , a person 's rank is of significant issue .
5 ) I 'm on my way to take the bus .
5 ) I 'm going to catch the bus .
I 'm going to take the bus .
I 'm going to take the bus .
6 ) I take a bus to go home .
/ I take the bus which goes home .
/ I take the no . 23 bus which get to the way where my home is . /
I take the bus # 23 to get home .
I step in the bus .
I got on the bus .
/ I get into the bus . /
I get on the bus .
7 ) I get off the bus .
/ I step out of the bus .
/ I get off the bus .
8 ) while in the bus , I have my head leaned against the window and listen to mp3 files .
8 ) While on the bus , I lean my head against the window and listen to mp3 files .

I felt down today . .
The day has been wasted on this and that .
I took a day off . .

My nick name is macchi ^ ^
Please call me macchi : D
Im beginer at this site > < ;
I 'm new to this site > < ;
I hope to use English fluentry some day . . . . .
I hope I will become able to speak English fluently some day . . . . .
And I want to make friends in this site : D
And I want to make friends using this site : D
Please speak to me ^ ^
oh ~ it ` s very cold today !
Oh ! It 's very cold today !
I think I ` m already to cold ! although it ` s 10 degree ! but I think is very cold today !
I think it 's already to cold ! Even though it ` s 10 degrees , I still think it is very cold today !
haha ! so and you what ` s the weather today in your homeland ! ?
haha ! So what is the weather like today in your country ?
can you talking to me ! ?
Will you talk with me ?

Otra semana , another second
The time seems do n't to have end T .
Time seems to have no end .
and we are traped in . . .
And we are trapped .
we just have a little , little . . . . .
to see , what the time is in our lifes
the time in our lives go by ,
and dont understand . . .

Why nobody correct my diary
Why nobody correct my diary ?
Why has n't anybodycorrected my diary ?
Why nobody correct my diary ?
I wrote three diaries , while only the first one was corrected .
I wrote three diaries , but only the first one was corrected .
The other two are just there and I suspected that if anybody read it .
The other two are just there , I suspected that noone read it .
I hope I can get improvement from you whole .
I hope I can get improvement from you all .
But now since nobody correct my composition , I do n't know what mistakes I have had .
But now since nobody correct my composition , I do n't know what mistakes I have made .
I do n't know how to correct them .
I hope you can read my diaries and give me advice .
I hope you can read my diaries and give me advices .
I need to improve my English , anybody , thanks .
I need to improve my English , , thanks .
Maybe what I wrote involved something personal , but I hope you can correct my mistakes most on expression and so on about language .
Maybe what I wrote involved something personal , but I hope you can correct my mistakes , most on expressions , language , and so on .
Thanks .

I got my acceptance letter day before yesterday for American University starting in August , so I am going to apply for a visa soon .
I got my acceptance letter the day before yesterday for an American University starting in August , so I am going to apply for a visa soon .
The procedure is not as easy as I expected .
There are so many rules , and I have to prepare documents , pictures and so on .
I will go to my high school to receive my school report tomorrow .
By the way , I took TOEFL last weekend .
By the way , I took the TOEFL last weekend .
By the way , I took the TOEFL last weekend .
I was really shocked because my speaking skill has fallen considerably .
I was really shocked because my speaking skills has fallen considerably .
I was really shocked because my speaking skills have fallen considerably .
I realized it 's important to continue practicing conversation in a daily life .
I realized that it 's important to continue practicing conversation daily in life .
I realized it 's important to continue practicing conversation in my daily life .
I realized it 's important to continue practicing conversation in daily life .

I have dicided to try my best to study English .
I have decided to try my best to study English .
From now on , I will listen English dialogue every day .
I will throw away my inferiority complex to open my mouth .
I will throw away my inferiority complex and open my mouth .
I want to be a translator .
Because I want to read origional edition books and translate them .
Because I want to read original edition books and translate them .
I want those who read books I have translated to understand what have said in the books .
I want those who read books I have translated to understand what is said in the books .
Can I do it ?

It 's hot !
I had my hair cut today .
I got my hair cut today .
I had a hair cut today .
I got a hair cut today .
Which one is better ?
I do n't think `` hair `` is a countable noun when you say about the whole part on your head , so it ca n't be `` a hair `` . . .
I do n't think `` hair `` is a countable noun when you 're talking about the whole part on your head , so it ca n't be `` a hair `` . . .
Then , would it be `` a haircut `` ? `` I had a haircut today `` ?
I 'm confused with these .
It 's really hot and humid now at Tokyo , and I could not endure this heat and humidity with my hair which was pretty long for guys .
It 's really hot and humid now in Tokyo , and I could not endure this heat and humidity with my hair which was pretty long for guys .
It 's really hot and humid now in Tokyo , and I could not endure this heat and humidity with my hair - which was pretty long for guys .
Also I did n't go for a haircut for long time , so my hair was quite longer than usual .
Also I did n't go for a haircut for long time , so my hair was quite a bit longer than usual .
Well , it 'll be easier to overcome this summer with this hair : )
Well , it 'll be easier to overcome this summer heat ( or weather ) with this hair : )

The Problem of Guns Controlling
I have seen a very terrible news from the internet .
A two - years - old baby shot his mother to death unpurposely in America .
A two - year - old baby unintentionally shot his mother to death in America .
Although the police asked him the process of this sad thing , but they thought they could not get clear message from this baby .
I think it is a serious problem in America .
I also doubt about the baby 's father .
It is a sorrow .
It is a shame .

Golden Week
Japanese long vacation has begun ! !
I did n't expected that I 'm busy despite the holiday .
But that gives me great fun : )
Now , I 'm home and I 'm writing this diary after a long absence .
Now I 'm home and I 'm writing this diary after a long absence .
Topic of today 's diary is event of last Saturday .
Topic of today 's diary is the event of last Saturday .
The topic of today 's diary is the event of last Saturday .
The weather of the day had been forecasted bad weather , but the day is a fine day ! !
The weather of the day had been forecasted to be bad , but the day was a fine day ! !
The weather for that day had been forecasted to be bad , but it was a fine day ! !
I and my friends went to a facility for BBQ ! !
My friends and I went to a facility for BBQ ! !
In the place , we ate some fresh fish and could see the sea at the same time .
At the place / At there , we ate some fresh fish and could see the sea at the same time .
And after we went to a general store , a cafe , and so on .
And after that we went to a general store , a cafe , and so on .
We had a good time ; )
Let 's enjoy spending the rest of holidays ! !
Let 's enjoy spending the rest of the holidays ! !
Today 's picture is the BBQ look : )

To an ordinary chinese famer , cancer maybe the last illness he want to be related with .
To an ordinary Chinese famer , cancer might the last illness he wants to deal with .
What he gets from hard work can only make for his daily necessities .
What he earns from hard work can only cover his daily necessities .
They never ask anything more in their lives .
They never ask for anything more in their lives .
A healthy body , a intact family , not that much good food , in their minds , it 's just life .
However , sorrow seems would n't let they pass .
My uncle now is facing this problem .
A weeks ago , he was diagonsed having liver cancer .
A few weeks ago , he was diagonsed with having liver cancer .
Going to Shanghai and receving operation can rescue him .
Going to Shanghai and getting an operation can save him .
All those will cost at least 150000 yuan .
This will cost at least 150000 yuan .
That 's the point .
Where to get money ?
Where will he get the money ?
it 's a peice of case for most even not so rich people .
We relatives also ca n't give him a hand , since we are all poor .
We relatives ca n't lend him a hand , since we are all poor .
In fact , China is stronger than before , polarization of rich and poor is deeper .
Even though China is stronger than before , polarization of rich and poor is deeper .
When would medicine system be perfect ?
When will the medical ( healthcare ) system be perfect ?
And famers wo n't worry about illness one day ?
So that one day , famers wo n't have to worry about illness ?

Kind of ( the ) music
Kinds of music
Could you tell me the difference between `` Symphony music `` , `` Instrumental music `` and `` Musical music `` ?
The difference between `` studying English `` and `` learning English `` ?

My eldest daughter wants to be a patissier for her dream .
She is trying to cook various food which she is interested in .
She is trying to cook various foods which she is interested in .
She cooks every day during her summer vacation with her mother .
These are some of her work .
These are some of her works .
They look delicious , do n't they ? ; )

I did n't go to the gym today .
Yeah , I did n't go to the gym today .
I used to go there and work out almost everyday .
Thesedays even three times a week is hard .
I started working out from this June so it 's been almost five months .
I started working out since June so it 's been almost five months .
When I first thought of registering the gym program , I hesitated .
When I first thought of about registering at the gym , I hesitated .
Since I considered myself not so consistent , I was afraid that it might ends up a waste of money .
Since I considered myself not so consistent , I was afraid that it might end up as a waste of money .
But see , I still go there !
It 's so amazing !
There is a dissappointment , though .
I expected dramatical weight loss as the cases I sometimes watch in reality TV shows .
People come into the shows with their extremely fat bodies and a couple of months later , when the show is about to finish , they have nice and thin body .
They walk out the show and have a new life ; become more confident and active .
I wanted that could happen to me , too .
I wanted if that could happen to me , too .
I lost 3kg in 3 months time .
Do n't you think it 's too slow ?
And I gained 4kg after a month later .
And I gained 4kg a month later .
I guess that is because of my bad eating habbit .
I guess that is because of my bad eating habits
Recently , I get stressed out from my new work place and it makes me to eat a lot after I come back home .
Mostly I eat snacks and high calorie foods .
Mostly I eat snacks and foods with high calories .
I hope myself to get used to my new job soon and to get no stress anymore .

On a Diet
I gained some weight recently so I decided to go on a diet .
I have been doing aerobics for over ten years and exercised regularly until a few months ago .
However I do n't work out very much these days .
I 've been so busy and had to do extra works since this spring .
I 'm an elementary school teacher and became a homeroom teacher for the 6th grade this April .
That 's why my overwork has been increasing .
I 've made up my mind to do aerobics for at least half an hour , three days a week and do muscle training every day .
I 'm looking forward to having a swimming class at my school and I want to look good in a swimsuit at the poolside then .

I went to eat a humberger by bike .
I went to eat a hamburger by bike .
I went , by bike , to eat a hamburger .
That 's all , but it was good .
That 's all . It was good !

self - introduction
Self introduction
I realized that I had forgotten greeting .
I 'm sorry .
Although I late writting , let me introduce myself .
Although it 's late , let me introduce myself .
My name is satomi .
My name is Satomi .
Please call me sato .
I 'm a university student .
I 'm intersted in japanese culture . ( ex .
I 'm interested in japanese culture . ( ex .
kabuki , ukiyoe , and japanes ideas and so on )
kabuki , ukiyoe , and japanese ideas and so on )
And My favorite actor is Johnny Depp ! I think he is very cool ! !
And my favorite actor is Johnny Depp ! He is very cool ! !
The actor who japanes is Watanabe Ken .
And my favorite Japanese actor is Watanabe Ken .
I study English hard and I want to read a book that written abaut Japan in English .
Thank you !

An unwelcome favor
NHK ( Japanese famous television station ) introduced `` Lang - 8 `` yesterday .
Lang - 8 had been heavy for 7 hours this evening because many Japanese who watched NHK registered this service .
This happening has good effect for foreign country 's people who are studying Japanese because many Japanese people will correct their Japanese .
This has a good effect on people in foreign countries who are studying Japanese because many Japanese people will correct their Japanese .

I 've got to lose weight .
I 'm now watching a TV programme on some effective and efficient ways
I 'm now watching a TV program on some effective and efficient ways
to lose weight healthily .
Some plump Japanese celebrities try out
a variety of methods and struggle to reach their respective target weight .
As I 've gained weight by some 3kg these days , I 've begun to think of
going on a diet .
So the TV programme meet my needs .
So the TV program meets my needs .
In other words ,
that gives me exactly what I 've been wanting to know .
However , somthing still remains uncertain .
However , something still remains uncertain .
That 's whether I could take action or not .
That 's whether I should take action or not .
Have I changed ?
Today , I saw a PV which my favorite artist group has just released .
They 've been my sunshine .
They gave me lots of power and love .
They give me lots of power and love .
But I ca n't feel them anymore .
Maybe because they released a song in English and of strange makeup .
But I think something in my mind has changed .
I feel sorry about that .

At class ; )
Now I am at university .
This class is Cyber - English .
I choose this topic *
When you 're feeling sad , what do you do to feel better ?
When I feel sad , I talk with friends in the first .
When I feel sad , I talk with friends at first hand .
My friends are really kind .
I like them .
And I will go shopping to look something happy .
And I also go shopping and look for something happy .
How about you ?
Thank you < 3

Without electricity
Today I woke up , and my dad said , that we do n't have electricity .
Today I woke up , and my dad said that we did n't have any electricity .
: ( I was very sad .
I did n't know what can I do all day .
I did n't know what I could do all day .
But I was creative . : P I went to the shop .
I cleaned , I learned .
I cleaned , I studied .
I did some excercises in spanish .
I did some exercises in Spanish .
And I realised , that I have to develop .
And I realised , that I have to improve .
: S Becouse I do n't know so many words , for example : egg - huevo .
: S Because I do n't know so many words , for example : egg - huevo .
Yeah it is very difficult , becouse I always say hueso , which mean bone .
Yeah it is very difficult , because I always say hueso , which means bone .
And I realised , that we , people ca n't live without elecrticity , we need it all the time .
And I realised that people ca n't live without electricity , we need it all the time .
And it is very sad .
It 's very sad .
I need it so much .
After that we had electricity I turned on the computer and I made some tests in english , and I get 28 - 27 points of 50 .
Once we had electricity , I turned on the computer and I did some tests in english , and I got 28 - 27 points out of 50 .
And I think it is bad .
I think it is bad .
I want to develop my knowledge .
I will go to England , and I hope , that I will learn a little .
I will go to England , and I hope that I will learn a little .
Thank You for read or correct it .
Thank you for reading or correcting it .
Have a nice day . : )

Fourth Day
We had a different teacher today again .
We had a different teacher again today .
Actually in this three days , we have had three different teacher for each day .
Actually in the past three days , we have had three different teachers . One for each day .
They were all nice though .
What I did today is ; we had a disscussion about marriage in the morning class and did a vocabulary quize .
What our class did today is ; we had a discussion about marriage in the morning class and then a vocabulary quiz .
In the afternoon class we talked about personalities ; and then went on to the movie .
For the afternoon class , we talked about personalities and then we watched a movie .
I 'm curious about how it ends .
I have to wait till monday .
I have to wait until Monday .
Tomorrow I have no afternoon class , so I 'm going to go shopping in Downtown and get something for Lama , my hostmother 's grandchildren , for his birthday .
I have no afternoon class tomorrow , so I 'm going to go Downtown for some shopping and get something for Lama , my host mother 's grandchild , for his birthday .
He 's leaving the house on Tuesday .
I 'll miss him .
He 's very funny and is a real good guy .
He 's very funny , and a real good guy .
He taught me a lot of slangs so far .
He taught me a lot of slang words & phrases so far .
He 's going to back to Phineas where he works and he will have hiss wedding out there !
He 's going to back to Phineas where he works and he will have his wedding out there !
I wish him a safe trip and happy wedding .
I wish him a safe trip and a happy wedding .

Old books
I 'm reading Christma Carol , and I 'm wondering about whether there are any differences between English used 100 years ago and one used now .
I 'm reading `` A Christmas Carol , `` and I 'm wondering about whether there are any differences between the English used 100 years ago and the English used now .
I can recognize the difference between Japanese used 100 years ago and one used now easily .
I can recognize the difference between Japanese used 100 years ago and now easily .
I can recognize the difference between Japanese used 100 years ago and Japanese used now easily .
How about this in English ?
How about in English ?

Language Exchange
I have been sniveling and sneezing since yesterday .
Is this any allergy ?
Is this any ( kind of ) allergy ?
What allergy is this now ?
I saw my son 's music concert last Saturday .
He is 11 years old .
Many mothers and fathers saw their children 's perfomance .
It was so great !
And so , today is a Monday makeup holiday .
My son is playing a game on Wii from this morning .
My son is playing a game on Wii this morning .
We had lived in the US and came back to Japan this summer .
I want my children 's English keep and improve .
I want my children 's English to keep improving .
My son tried a Skype English Lesson , but he didi n't like it .
My son tried a Skype English Lesson , but he did n't like it .
I 'm interested in language exchange for him on Skype now .
If you are interested in it , please let me know !

[ The first ]
Hi , my name is Anna .
There is my first letter here . ) I live in Russia and stady in school .
This is my first letter . I live in Russia and study in school .
Now I 'm in 10 form .
Some days ago our English teacher told about exchange in the USA for one year .
Some days ago our English teacher told us about an exchange program in the USA for one year .
This information appear me really inteesting because I want visit the USA for learning English !
This information appears reall interesting to me because I want visit the USA to learn English !
Yesterday I founded some information about this pogram at the internet .
Yesterday I found some information about this program on the internet .
And I read that all students must have some competitions before .
And I read that all students must have had some English studies before . ( challenges )
First of all , they must pass the school 's programm tests .
First , applicants must pass the school 's program tests .
After that , when they did it well , thay must came here again after week and wrote essay and the second test .
If a participant passes the tests , he or she must came here again after a week and write an essay for the second test .
Then , when commission deside that you did it well again , you must came here again and write some tests again .
Then , when commissions decides that the applicant did well , , you must write for more tests .
So , I think that it will be really hard , but I want to control my own knowledge !
How do you think , can I pass this competitions ? ? ? = )
What do you think ? Can I pass the challenges ? ? ? = )

Meaning of My Daughters Name !
My next English lesson is a speech , so I have to make a speech to explain meaning of our name .
I 'm going to talk about my daughters name .
My wife and I named her `` Mana . ``
The Chinese characters mean `` Jasmine . ``
We wanted her to be beautiful like that .
And in Melanesia it 's believed that `` Mana `` has a power of mystery .
We want to believe this name help her .
We want to believe that this name will help her .

I joined Lang - 8 for entertainment
I joined Lang - 8 for fun
This service looks interesting !
I 'm Japanese speaker .
Nice to meet you , everyone .
I like English music .
Now I 'm listening frou frou .
I will correct Japanese diary , but this service is little busy . . . : - /
I will correct Japanese diary , but this service is a little busy . . . : - /

Let Me Call You Sweetheart . . .
I was feeling a little blue this weekend .
I look forward to weekends when I allow myself a little luxury of eating out .
It 's a lot of fun walking around the town and try various kinds of food ; North Indian , South Indian , Nepalese , Thai , Mexican , Turkish , Greek . . . .
But this weekend I was somewhat discouraged .
Because so many restaurants put `` VALENTINE ' S DINNER `` ads !
Because so many restaurants ( had ) put up `` VALENTINE ' S DINNER `` ads !
Usually I have no trouble going into a restaurant by myself .
I sit at a table , look at the menu , order whatever I 'm interested in , and take home what I can not finish .
But this weekend , almost all the restaurants I had been attracted had `` SPECIAL VALENTINE ' S DINNER FOR TWO `` .
I felt as if I was an uninvited customer .
`` Ah , blue Valentine . . .
Maybe it 's much better to cook for myself at home today , `` I said to myself on my way to church this morning .
Toward the end of the worship this morning , the priest suddenly started singing a song which did not sound like a hymn .
Let me call you `` Sweetheart , `` I 'm in love with you .
Let me hear you whisper that you love me too .
Keep the love - light glowing in your eyes so true .
Let me call you `` Sweetheart , `` I 'm in love with you .
Everyone in the chapel joined the priest .
I heard this song for the first time .
It is a very popular song for Valentine 's Day here , I suppose .
What a heart - warming experience it is that people share a special song for St .
Valentaine 's Day !
Valentine 's Day !
Happy St .
Valentine 's Day , every one !
Let Me Call You Sweetheart

A Big Shake
Yesterday I edited a film for an entire day .
It was assigned by my teacher and going to present at next 's thursday .
It was assigned by my teacher and I am going to present it next thursday .
After finishing it , I fell asleep soon .
After finishing it , I soon fell asleep .
After finishing it , I quickly fell asleep .
Suddenly , I felt my bed shaking , then the whole building too !
Suddenly , I felt my bed shaking and the whole building too !
I was frightened to jump from my bed at that time , when I just had had a dream .
I was too frightened to jump out of my bed at that time because I had just come out of a dream .
I thought about what should I do if the next big shake comes , like the stuff bringing with and the calling to my sleepful mother .
I thought about what I should do if the next big shake comes , like what stuff to bring with me and calling my sleeping mother .
I thought about what I should do if the next big shake came , like what stuff to bring and calling my sleeping mother .
Fortunately , after a while , it seemed like no more earthquake would come , and I fell asleep again soon .
Fortunately , after a while it seemed like no more earthquakes would come , and I soon fell asleep again .
In fact the situation has been quite often at Taiwan , where the coutry have located at a active seismic belt .
In fact the situation has been quite frequent in Taiwan , because the country is located at an active seismic belt .
It 's not first time for me , though .
It 's not the first time for me , though .
I still felt it scaring , especailly the terrible one in China had just passed by .
I still felt scared , especially because the terrible one in China had just happened .
It took so many people 's life , made thousands of people homeless , and crushed China 's economics .
It took so many people 's lives , made thousands of people homeless , and crushed China 's economy .
I really can do nothing to be against the nature .
I really can do nothing against nature .
I really ca n't do anything to stop nature .
Maybe all we can do is to accept it and be stronger .
Maybe all we can do is accept it and be stronger .
We should not blame on the nature , or anything .
We should not blame nature or anything else .
Even though we could predict earthquakes after dozen of years , the prevention we can do is still accept it and leave before it happens .
It 's not revenge of earth .
It 's not the revenge of the earth .
It 's not a bad omen for 2008 Olympics , either .
It 's not a bad omen for the 2008 Olympics , either .
It is just a natural event for human to become solidified and accustomed to it .
It is just a natural event that humans have to get accustomed to .
I very pity the victims of that earthquake .
I really pity the victims of that earthquake .
I Hope they could go through the disaster soon .
I hope they can get through the disaster soon .

winter vacation
I go to Tokyo in winter vacation .
I went to Tokyo during winter vacation .
Because I go to see my father , I feel to crowed , more thanTokyo , another , I go to Yushima temple , and various prayer . and than feel to important cultural heritage .
I went to go see my father , I felt very crowded . I also wen toYushima temple . After various prayers I began to feel the important cultural heritage .

My job is CAD operation .
I 'm use Auto cad .
I use Auto cad .
This CAD useing world .
This is a CAD using world .
But I am Japanese .
Command is very difficult .
Auto cad is have Short cut key .
Auto cad has Short cut key ( s ? ) .
Short cut key is very convenient .
Shortcut keys are very convenient .
Circle = c
Triming = tr
Does Someome use Autocad ?
Does anyone use Autocad ?

How is the difference between `` would n't `` and `` did n't `` in the sentence of my text ?
What is the difference between `` would n't `` and `` did n't `` in the sentence of my text ?
In this time , My question is the differnce of meaning in two phrases .
This time , my question is about the difference of meaning between two phrases .
The first phrase is `` I [ would n't ] have known the difference . ``
The another is `` I [ did n't ] know the differnce . ``
The other is `` I [ did n't ] know the differnce . ``
For example , I wore your shoes home by mistake because your shoes are very similar to my shoes .
So , you said to me `` You wore shoes home by mistake . ``
So , you said to me `` You wore my shoes home by mistake . ``
I said to you `` I whoud n't have known the difference ``
I said to you `` I would n't have known the difference ``
Can I use `` I did n't know the difference `` in this situation ?
And How do two phrases change these meaning ?
And how do the two phrases change the meaning ?
Could you teach me the difference of two phrases ?
Could you teach me the difference between the two phrases ?

I 've cleaned my computer data .
Now , I 've cleaned my computer data to reinstall Microsoft Windows .
I think you say `` What happen `` ?
I think you will say `` What happened `` ?
Yesterday , I sence that my computer ca n't input sounds from line - in .
Yesterday , I sensed that my computer could n't input sounds from line - in .
( It 's very bad . if nothing is done , I ca n't compose soundtracks . )
( That is very bad . If nothing is done about it , I ca n't compose soundtracks . )
I thinked its a driver issue and reinstalled sound drivers .
I thought it was a driver issue and reinstalled the sound drivers .
But , It 's wrong , And now I 'm trying reinstall OS .
But , that was wrong and now I 'm trying to reinstall the OS .
Now , I 've installed driver !
I installed the driver . . .
. . but , my computer ca n't recoding . . .
. . but , my computer still ca n't record anything . . .
mmm . . .
This action is wrong , too . . .
That action was wrong , too . . .
I 'll buy a new soundboard . . . = (

anyone is ok
Anyone is ok .
Just I do not wanna be alone .
I just do n't wanna be alone .
Please do n't leave me alone .
Please be with me here .
Why are n't you here now ?
Hey , my friends .
Do you still remember me ?
Please let me believe it . . .
Damn me . . .
Damn it . . .

My entire body has hurt .
My entire body has hurt since last saturday .
I played snowbording .
I was snowbording .
I was fun .
It was fun .
But my muscles were tired because of my age .
But my muscles are tired because of my age .
I get old than before .
I am older than before .

I have add Interview .
I have an ad interview .
Today , I have a Promise of an add Interview at 14 : 30 in the Kitakyushu .
I feel excited !
Because I had so great Interview at last night .
Because I had such a great interview last night .

SLAM DUNK
Today my mood is low because it is rainy .
Today I 'm in a bad mood because it is raining .
Today , I 'm in a bad mood because it is raining .
I ca n't play outside .
I ca n't go outside .
My best comic is SLAM DUNK .
It is basketball comic .
It is a comic ( manga ) about basketball .
Do you know ?
Have you heard of it ?

It is ending long winter .
Today it 's rather warm here in Japan and I feel it is ending a long winter of this season .
What a relief !
Meanwhile they say the global warming is developing and that the earth is getting warmer and warmer .
Meanwhile they say global warming is getting worse and that the earth is getting warmer and warmer .
But let me think about it like this ;
The earth is said to be 4 . 5 billion years old now and we , human being , is just 10000 years old .
Our history is no less than . 000002 percent compared to the earth 's history .
Our history is less than . 000002 percent of the earth 's history .
They say human being is damaging the earth , which I think is maybe true .
They say human beings are damaging the earth , which I think is maybe true .
But what if the earth takes a short hiccough and turns into a freezing season for a SHORT time , let 's say , for one or two hundred years from now on ?
I do n't want to imagine it but it 's possible .

ski school
I went to ski school by bus .
During a two nights ' stay , we skied 2 hour in the morning and in the afternoon too .
During a two nights ' stay , we skiied 2 hours in the morning and in the afternoon too .
First time snow was powdery , but later snow changed artificial .
The first time , the snow was powdery , but later it became artificial .
At dinner , my friends jokingly put a lot of sugar , salt , pepper , and vegetable into others tea .
We enjoyed to educational school trip .
We enjoyed the educational school trip .

I ` d like to work in Zama camp .
I , d like to work in Zama camp .
I 'd like to work in Zama camp .
Because , I like English and U .
Because , I like the English Language and US .
But , my English isn ` t very good .
But I ca n't speak English very well .
my friend said English was easy .
A friend of mine said that English was easy .
I ` ll try to study English .
I ` m going to study TOFUL ibt .

Jul 31 2011 .
A effect of quitting smoking .
Recently I was very sleepy than few weeks ago .
I thought I was sick .
I understood that it was withdrawal symptoms of quitting smoking when I investigate the cause .
I understood that it was a withdrawal symptom of quitting smoking when I investigated the cause .
But , I have to keep a non - smoking !
But , I have to keep myself from smoking !
I will drink coffee instead of smoke .
Still , I am sleepy . . .

Encounter
Today I want to tell about one more my hobby .
Today I want to talk about one more of my hobbies .
It is the game .
Encounter .
I interested in it when studied at the first year ( now I finish the third ) .
I became interested in it whenI was infirst year ( I 've just finished the third year now ) .
I don ` t know whether you know about this game .
I don ` t know whether you know about this game .
This game was created in Belarus , Mr .
This game was created in Belarus by Mr .
Ivan Masljukov .
The basic idea of game consists in performance of various tasks for districts for a while .
The basic idea of game consists of the performance of various tasks for districts for a while .
The winner of game the player or a command , is considered the first finished all levels .
The winner of the game is the player or the command that is the first to finish all of the levels .
Thus the quantity of tasks , sequence of their performance , time for performance of one task are not regulated by rules and established by authors under their discretion .
Thus the quantity of tasks , sequence of their performance , time for performance of one task are not regulated by rules and are established by the authors under their discretion .
Tasks you can find on a game site .
It is very fascinating game !
Game passes at the night .
The game takes place at night .
And all the night your friends and you travel about the city , solve riddles , search for codes and treasures in the most improbable places .
And all night your friends and you travel about the city , solve riddles , search for codes and treasures in the most improbable places .
It can be both the thrown not completed building and the thrown garages .
It can be both in the uncompleted building and in the garages .
Anywhere !
It actually is cheerful and fascinating !

Need More Effort ?
Probably I have to open Lang - 8 more often and write English like daily because I realize that my writing speed is still so slow .
It usually takes some time to write down my ideas / thoughts .
It usually takes ( me ) some time to write down my ideas and thoughts .
Grad students are required some academic skills .
Grad students are required to have some academic skills .
Reading and writing are most of them , and maybe discussion skill as well .
Reading and writing are the most important , and maybe discussion skills as well .
Reading and writing are most of them , and maybe discussion skills as well .
Anyway , I try to write something in here as much as possible , at least keep doing it for a while .
Anyway , I 'll try to write something on here as much / often as possible , at least keep doing it for a while .
Anyway , I am trying to write something in here as much as possible , at least to keep doing it for a while .
Now I 'm thinking what I am going to write . .
Now I 'm thinking about what I am going to write . .
Thanks .

I have a question .
I 'm not sure
1 ) I 'm not sure
2 ) I have no idea
3 ) I do n't know well
Are those difference ?
What is different nuance ?
What is the different nuance ?
`` Suit Case ``
I had a productive day and it was humid yesterday .
I had a productive day ( when ? ) and it was humid yesterday .
Yesterday was humid , but productive .
By the way I have n't prepared the New York trip yet , first I want to buy a suit case rather large size .
By the way , I have n't prepared forthe New York trip yet , first I want to buy a rather large sized suitcase .
My first preparation for the New York trip will be buying a large suitcase .

The First Day of 2009 !
Jan . 1 , 2009 .
We have already stepped into a different world .
New year , new spirits , new dreams .
You have a whole year 's time ahead , waiting for you to make a differnce .
What a blessing !
Farewell , 2008 ; farewell to all the unhappiness ; farewell to the sorrowful tears .
I hold my head high up towards the first sun rays of this new year .
I have opened my heart .
Well , the New Year wo n't let me down , will it ?
So cold , straight down the spine .
Maybe the first snow is coming .
Standing in the snow is really like entering a wonderland .
How many real snows have the southerners ever seen , anyway ?
I am anticipating a big one , the one which could make you feel you are so powerless when surrounding by it , and feel the beauty of nature and the impulse to cry .
I am anticipating a big one , one , which could make you feel so powerless when surrounded by it , and feel the beauty of nature and the impulse to cry .
All you could see is white , white , white .
All you could see would be white , white , white .
No other colors .
I must say I just experenced those feelings when I was , like 9 , walking in my primary school campus with my mom , with my hand in hers .
I must say I just experienced those feelings when I was , like 9 , walking in my primary school campus with my mom , with my hand in hers .
I can still rember the warmth in her hand .
I can still remember the warmth of her hand .
And I will never forget it .
Love you , mom .
You too , dad .
Happy New Year !

a hot spring
Fukushima is famose for their hot springs and it is n't far away from my house .
Fukushima is famous for its hot springs and it is n't far away from my house .
Fukushima is famous for its hot springs and is n't far from my house .
Fukushima is famous for its hot springs and it 's very close to where I live .
My husband and I went driving up to Iwaki city in Fukushima .
It took us about one hour .
There are many hotels , which have hot spring public bath , around the station there .
There are many hotels , which have hot spring public baths , around the station there .
We went to take a bath at one of the hotels .
It 's open - air bath was really nice and we relaxed .
It 's an open - air bath and was really nice and we relaxed .
The springs are open - air and really nice ; perfect for us to relax .
Today my skin is smooth .
I think it is because of the hot spring .
I wonder . Could it be from the hot springs . . . ?

today , I got to work site
I am a contract engineer .
I am a contract engineer .
I always in office for my work , but today , I first go to work site with
I am always in the office for my work , but not today as I first had to go to work site with an
electric engineer .
electrical engineer .
our work is building Metro .
Our work is to build Metro .
I like my job , I think it 's intersting
I like my job , I think it 's interesting .

Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia 1
I traveled around three countries from 26 April to 4 March .
I traveled around three countries from 26th April to 4th March .
I went to Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia .
I went to Vietnam , Laos and Cambodia .
All of them are wonderful .
I enjoyed my travel .
I 'm going to entry journal about my travel tomorrow .
I 'm going to write an entry in my journal about my trip tomorrow .
Today I 'm writing about the most impression thing .
Today I 'm writing about my greatest impression .
It was a last day on my travel .
It was a last day on my trip
It was the last day of my trip .
I chartered tuktuk for sightseeing .
and I had I chartered a tuktuk to go sightseeing .
I went to the Land Mine Museum .
I went to the Land Mine Museum ,
It is a small museum .
which is a small museum .
It is privately owned by Aki Ra who was child soldier for the Khymer Rogue .
It is privately owned by Aki Ra , who was child soldier for the Khymer Rogue .
When he was a child , his parents were killed by the Khymer Rogue .
He became a child soldier for the Khymer Rogue , then the Vietnamese and finally the Royal Cambodian Army .
When he was a soldier , he laid a lot of land mines .
Now he wants to remove all of land mines in Cambodia .
Now he wants to remove all of the land mines in Cambodia .
A lot of land mines which were removed by Aki Ra are on display in the museum .
A lot of land mines that were removed by Aki Ra are on display in the museum .
Then I went to the Killing Fields .
Many civilians were slaughtered by the Khmer Rouge .
Many civilians were slaughtered by the Khymer Rouge .
There are so many victim 's bones and skulls in the memorial tower .
There are so many victims ' bones and skulls in the memorial tower .
There are a large number of victim 's bones and skulls in the memorial tower .
When I saw them , I could say nothing .
I was shocked at the sight .
I told with tuktuk driver about a lot of things .
I talked with the tuktuk driver about a lot of things .
He told me about the Khmer Rouge , Pol Pot and so on .
He told me about the Khymer Rouge , Pol Pot and so on .
He was not only a driver but also a guide .
He can speak English fluently and can speak Japanese a little .
He spoke English fluently and Japanese a little .
He can speak English fluently and could ( even ) speak Japanese a little .
We told in mixed English and Japanese .
We spoke in a mixture of English and Japanese .
He has a lot of knowledge as a tour guide .
I wondered why he does n't become a tour guide .
I wondered why he had n't become a tour guide .
He said `` if you want a good job , you need a lot of money in Cambodia .
He said `` If you want a good job , you need a lot of money in Cambodia .
I have no money .
Honestly , Cambodia is a corruption society . ``
Honestly , Cambodia is a corrupted society . ``
Honestly , Cambodia has a corrupted society . ``
His words have left a strong impression on my mind .
I think what is my life .
I wonder about my life .
What can I do ?

Brightness
I saw beautiful floral design and I thought I wanted to be bright like that design .
It was impressed .
At the same time , I also felt vain I am not that .
At the same time , I also felt vain since I do n't think that I am quite as brilliant .
So , I decided I would be bright like that floral .
So , I decided I would be bright , just like that floral arrangement .

It be Thursday . From steamy Japan
It is Thursday from steamy Japan
Good evening .
So how is everyone going to spend their summer vacation ?
How is everyone going to spend their summer vacation ?
What would you want to do if you could completely be off ?
What would you want to do if you could take the entire summer off work ?
As far me , I would like to spend reading some art books at my favorite cafe drinking a cup of spiced tea or trip where I have never visited .
As for me , I would like to spend time reading art books at my favorite cafe , while drinking a cup of spiced tea ; or I would take a trip to a place I have never visited .

First blog !
My name is ayana !
My name is Ayana !
I 'm Japanese highschool student .
I 'm a Japanese high school student .
I 'm a Japanese high school student .
I like seeing soccer .
I like watching soccer . { sounds better }
But I do n't play it .
I like sweets !
I often make sweets .
I good at make a tart .
I am good at making tarts .
I 'm good at making tarts .
Bye bye !

Hi , my name is yuuya saitou .
I like traveling , music , and more . .
How about you ?
What do you like ?
Good to see you .
I 'll . . .
I think anything is possible if I try hard .
I 'll study english harder

my family
My family was good terms in a long time ago .
My family was in good terms a long time ago .
My family was in good termsa long time ago .
Mather lives with young sister .
Mother lives with my young sister .
Mother lives with younger sister .
My mother lives with my younger sister
Father lives with elder brother .
Father lives with my elder brother .
My father lives with my older brother
I live alone .
I think they meet often .
maybe they are little good terms even now .
maybe they are still in good terms even now .
maybe they are back on good terms even now .
but I dont know about them .
because not meet recently .
because we did not meet recently .
because I have not meet them recently .
because we have n't met recently
I have a dream .
I just want to make a happy family .
I just want to have a happy family .
Thank you for read ! !
Thank you for reading ! !
Thank you for reading ! !

during exam period . . .
I will write down something I have thought about during exam period .
recently I sleep A LOT . I sleep for about 8 hours and I think this is too much . to make matters worse , I get up at around 10 am ( absolutely TOO LATE ! ) as I usually go to bed at 2 am . I really feel I do n't have time in the morning .
so I will try to do these things to solve this problem :
- go to bed by 1 am ( this would help to get up earlier )
- make my room warmer ( I guess I did n't wanna wake up and leave my bed this morning because it was cold in my room )
these sound only small changes , but I strongly believe these accumulation will lead to big improvement .
these sound like only small changes , but I strongly believe these will lead to big improvement .
in order to concentrate on my work in my room , I will try to keep sitting up straight in a chair . I will not lean back in my chair .
I found that when I can focus on my work , im siting up and feel my head is clear .
I found that when I can focus on my work , I 'm sitting up and feel my head is clear .
( im not 100 % sure but I think this effect is proven by science ) but conversely , when im study ineffectively and so slowly , I lean back in my chair .
so I think if I sit up straight , this would lead to effective work .
ok now its the time to go back to my work . . .

The English class
I take the english class .
I take english classes .
Because I want to taravel and talk people of traveling country .
Because I want to travel and talk to people from other counties .
There are some classmate in the english class .
There are some of my classmate who are in the english class .
The classmate in the english class is stimulus for me .
They have various and excellent purpose .
I listen their purpose then I sink because thier purpose is too excellent .
But I want to the purpose as well as their it .

The Rest .
How is it going ?
We ( My husband and I ) would have go back to Japan on Augast 3rd , but my husband 's work is going to finish early than taht .
We ( My husband and I ) will have go back to Japan on August 3rd , but my husband 's work is going to finish earlier than that .
The last day is July 3rd .
We have plan go to Seattle from July 7th for 4 days ( Actually 3 nights stay ) , so we decided go back to Japan on July 13th .
We have plans go to Seattle from July 7th for 4 days ( Actually 3 nights stay ) , so we decided go back to Japan on July 13th .
We already changed the air tickets .
The rest of our life in Las Vegas is just 45 days ! !

Left - handedness
Left - Handed
I 'm left - handed .
I 'm left - handed ( person ) .
Many years ago , in Japan , left - handed persons were rare .
Many years ago , in Japan , left - handed people were rare .
Many years ago in Japan , left - handed people were rare .
There is a reason .
There is a reason for this .
There is a reason for this .
There is a reason for this .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives - for example , most of tools are made for right - handed persons .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives because most tools are made for right - handed persons for example .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives . For example , most tools are made for right - handed people .
Many parents thought that lefties would lead inconvenient lives - for example , most tools are made for right - handed people . ( Good job ! )
They forced their children to use tier right hands .
They forced their children to use their right hands .
They forced their children to use their right hands .
They forced their children to use their right hand to write instead .
In fact , I had some trouble in cutting things with scissors , and my parents made me use my right hand .
In fact , I had trouble cutting things with scissors , and my parents made me use my right hand .
But , one day I fell down and broke my right wrist .
Happily ( ? ) I have been writing or using tools with my left hand .
Happily ( ? ) I have been writing and using tools with my left hand .
Since then I have been happily writing and using tools with my left hand .
However , for the last four or five days , many teachers in Japan have pointed out that the number of left - handed children has been increasing .
However , recently many teachers in Japan have pointed out that the number of left - handed children is increasing .

Sushi - party
Last Saturday , I invited a couple of Japanese girl and Serbian man .
And we had a hand - rolled sushi - party .
We had a hand - rolled sushi - party .
Please look at the first picture .
I have a `` Lazy Susan `` which I got from my grand mother , and I brought it from Japan to here .
Hand - rolled sushi is a little bit different from common sushi .
We can chose ingredients and put them and rices on a laver and roll it by ourselves .
You can choose your own ingredients and put them and rice on layer of seaweed and roll it by yourself .
But I heard that many Europeans and Americans do n't like laver .
But I heard that many Europeans and Americans do n't like seaweed .
Because they might feel the taste is similar to paper !
I can agree with the idea , but I like it !
How about you ?
The food of the second picture is Korean rolled - sushi .
My Korean friend gave me the recipe and I made it and served at the day .
My Korean friend gave me the recipe and I made it and served it that day .
We ate a lot and enjoyed sushi - party !

I 'm happy today
I 'm happy today
My broken leg is better and better , so that I can move around with it , itl 's feel good .
My broken leg is getting better and better so I can move around with it , which feels good .
and the stock maket of China comes back from death today , my stock is up , too .
Also , the Chinese stock maket came back from rock bottom today , so my stock is up
3 % point , it 's a lucky day today , except hot weather .
3 points . It 's a lucky day today , apart from the hot weather .

I eat a spicy hot pot on Sunday noon , but because of chewing not easily so I just eat duck blood and bean curd .
I ate a spicy hot pot on Sunday noon , but because of chewing not easily so I just eat duck blood and bean curd .

I see you for the first time ^ ^
These days I 'm eager to study English .
It is partly because I wanna pass the University I want to , and partly because I just loves English .
It is partly because I wanna pass the University I want to , and partly because I just love English .
If you help me with learning English , let 's Skype !
Though , Unfortunately , I could n't speak English anymore because of the lack of practicing speaking English , I 'll try to .
Though , Unfortunately , I ca n't speak English anymore because of the lack of practicing speaking English , I 'll try to .
I ' ve been looking forward to your best ^ ^
Good - bye
Diet ~ ~ ~
I eat a lunch of fried pork cutlet .
eat fried pork cutlet . . . drink Americano
after . . . . . oh ~ food coma ~ !
wish it to diet ! ! ! !
I wish to diet ! ! ! !
I 'll start tomorrow ~ ~ ! !
um . . . .
Diet success is how do you think ? ?
Do you think about diets ?

View of the cloud sea
I climbed Mt .
FUJI that is top of the mountain in Japan 2 days ago .
FUJI which is the highest mountain in Japan two days ago .
When I 've been climbing , lassitudes coursed through a my body .
But I was refreshed when I 've seen the view of the cloud sea at the top of Mt .
But I became refreshed when I saw the view of the cloud sea as I reached the top of the mountain .
I want to climb again !
I want to climb again !

web 2 . 0 ! !
What the amazing website !
What an amazing website !
Crowd power is going forward language learning .
Social networks are advancing language learning .
Hope I will write diary everyday here to make my eng writing better .

6 / 27 Comfortable
It was cool and comfortable all day . : D
Today was cloudy and drizzling .
Because of it , I was able to concentrate on studying .
I wish tomorrow was as comfortable as today . : )
On the way home I bought birthday present for my friend .
On my way home , I bought a birthday present for my friend .
I hope she will be happy by it .
I hope it will make her happy .
I am studying English now .
Afternoon I will exercise in a near by park .
In the afternoon I will get some exercise in the park near here .
I exercised there yesterday too .
I got some exercise there yesterday too .
I like a sports .
I like sports .
When I was a child , I have been playing baseball .
When I was a child , I played baseball .
I like baseball , snowbording and basketball so I often watch them .
I like baseball , snowbording , and basketball , so I often watch them .
I am excited .
I will go to America with my wife at next year .
I will go to America with my wife next year .
We will watch baseball .

My name is SAIF .
I 'm 21 old year .
I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm 21 years old . ( other way around )
I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm working in an Electrisity Company .
I work for an electricity company .
I like reading a poetry , watching football games and listening music .
I like reading poetry , watching football games and listening to music .
I like reading poetry , watching football games , and listening to music .
I hope to make group of friends from many countries .
I hope to make friends from many countries .
I hope to make a group of friends from many countries . ( or groups )
I hope to make friends from many different countries .

the first year - end drinking party in this year
Today is the first year - end drinking party in this year ,
Japanese says ' Bounen - kai ' .
Today 's party was opened at a cafe in Nihon - bashi .
Japanese loves year - end drinking party .
Japanese people love year - end drinking parties .
I have a lot of this parties , maby five or six .
I have a lot of these parties , mabye five or six .
How many things do you want to forget ?

About my sales point ! ! !
Could you please help me revise the below sentences ?
During my theoretical study on MA International Business , I have researched the improvement of expatriation programmes for effectively supporting Japanese expatriates and their families in their international assignments because I am really interested in cross cultural human resource management .
Therefore , in your organisation , I can contribute to the improvement of expatriation programme by demonstrating what issues Japanese expatriates and their families have faced and identifying how they can be satisfied with their lives in the UK .
Therefore , in your organization , I can contribute to the improvement of expatriation programme by demonstrating what issues Japanese expatriates and their families have faced and identifying how they can be satisfied with their lives in the UK .
In addition , my native Japanese language , and English ability built up in the UK will help your organisation communicate with international sectors .
Furthermore , in my master 's course , I accomplished a number of business presentations and group work , cooperating with British , Polish , Norwegian , Indian , Chinese , and Brazilian students who have various values .
This experience will help me smoothly work with international colleagues and clients in your global organisational environment .
This experience will help me smoothly work with international colleagues and clients in your global organizational environment .

Today is a not only nervous but interesting day .
At six o ' clock , my Dad waked me up and took exercise to go walking with me near the park .
At six o ' clock , my Dad woke me up and we went walking , to get some exercise , near the park .
When we came bace and stood in front of our home , the neighbor uncle opened his door and said hello to us .
When we came back and stood in front of our home , the neighbor 's uncle opened his door and said hello to us .
Abruptly , his a small dog ran straightly to me and licked my one leg .
It was scared me deeply .
It was very scary !
I felt its cold salivas running on the skin of my leg which it licked .
It was a disgusting thing for me because I have the severe clean freak so I ca n't endure any animal 's touches .
It was a disgusting thing for me because I am a severe clean freak so I ca n't endure the touch of any animal .
It is a bad thing to me .
After I ate breakfast , I watched the popular movie `` Twilight `` alone .
Many people considered it is a perfect romance and can touch their souls .
Many people consider it a perfect romance and that it can touch their souls .
The movie make them satisfied about love but I do n't think so .
The movie makes them satisfied about love but I do n't think so .
In my opinion , the movie plot is just for young girls who desire to fall in love with someone .
Maybe I 'm so elder that I do n't have any fancy of love .
It is so sad and make me sorrow .
It is so sad and makes me unhappy .
The first day in Lang - 8
Good day !
everyone ,
This is my first time in Lang - 8 .
I have been learning English for many years .
But still not very good in speaking and listening .
But still I 'm not very good in speaking and listening .
It could be the common issues for the most Taiwanses students .
I will try to keep my dairy here and hope to give me comments .
I will try to keep my dairy here and hope you will give me comments .
Thank you in advance .

For improving my writing skill . . .
For improving my writing skill in English , I made my mind to translate parts of Nikkei articles because it will be helpful to understand how to use the words regarding to the economics adequately .
European Central Bank ( ECB ) , which faces eurozone debt crisis and is on the brink , is now urged to take
The European Central Bank ( ECB ) , which is faced with the Eurozone debt crisis and is on the brink of failure , is now urged to take
necessary steps to ease the downturn situation .
Greek debt crisis would damage massively to eurozone - wide financial system and there is highly possibility to experience sharp down across the board .
The Greek debt crisis has caused massive damage throughout the Eurozone financial system and there is a strong possibility of a sharp downturn ( across the board ) .
ECB defered a decision to slashing the policy refinance rate as ECB was afraid of the inflation pressure so there exists strong demand for tackling this crisis swiftly .
Accordingly , there is high possibility to cut the policy rate from this November onward .
Accordingly , there is a strong possibility of cutting the policy rate starting in November .

disappointed
these few day are a little hard time for me
These last few day have been a little hard time for me .
I think the reason for why I upset is
I think the reason why I got upset is
I never though that will become a problem for me
I never thought it would become a problem for me .
maybe for others but definitely not for me
Others may have this problem , but definitely not me .
however this time I know I faced my emotion honestly
At least this time I know I faced my emotions honestly .

Silver week
Silver week will start from tomorrow .
Silver week starts tomorrow .
I have five holidays .
I have five days off .
I usually get up lately in holiday but I 'm going to get up early in these holidays .
I usually get up late on holidays , but I 'm going to get up early this time .
What are you going to do ?
I 'm going not to go any place . . .
I 'm going not to go anywhere . . .
I 'm not going to go anywhere . . .

Aftershock
Last night there was the biggest aftershock since Mar 11th .
Blackouts occurred at some ares in Touhoku district .
Blackouts occurred in some areas in the Touhoku district .
I really sympathize with those who are still living in those ares .
I really sympathize with those who are still living in those areas .
At the same time I really appreciate lots of support from all over the world .
Thank you .

Graduate Student
I finaly made a registration for a class of Troy University graduate school of pacific region !
I finally registered for a class at Troy University , a graduate school in the pacific region !
I had been preparing for it since last May .
It was a long way .
There are American military bases in Okinawa .
They have everything within their fence .
They have everything within their boundaries .
They have shopping malls , restaurants , movie theatre , schools , universities and so on .
They have shopping malls , restaurants , movie theatres , schools , universities and so on .
I 'm going to one of the universities in the fence .
I 'm going to one of the universities in the boundaries of a military base .
I am majoring International Relations , and going to take a class of `` Government and Politics of Developing Nations `` .
I am majoring in International Relations , and going to take a class on `` Government and Politics of Developing Nations `` .
I 'm very excited and nervous at the same time .
I must get the textbooks and get ready for the class as soon as possible .

I love Japanese comedian !
I love Japanese comedians !
I go to the theater for appreciate their perform monthly .
I go to the theater to appreciate their performance monthly .
Today I went to the theater at Shibuya .
8 comedians did their gag .
I laugh at so much that my stomach aches .
I laughed so much that my stomach aches .
They were so funny .
I want to go again .

I 'm waiting , just waiting for you .
Waiting for coming to me .
Waiting for you to come to me .
I 'm sad ,
I feel I 'm alone .
I feel like I 'm alone .
I 'm waiting , just waiting for your love .
Waiting for taking to me .
Waiting for you to take me . + woo woo ! +
I 'm just waiting for touching your love
I 'm just waiting to touch your love

yummy sushi !
Last weekend I ate sushi .
It was very delicious .
I went to `` MIDORI sushi `` which is restaurant name .
`` MIDORI sushi `` is famous sushi restaurant , which offers
marvelous yummy sushi at the price which is not so high .
marvelous yummy sushi at an affordable price .
Always there is long line ( procession ? ) in front of the restaurant .
But , MIDORI sushi in Futagotamawaga has a machine which
dish out token ticket .
dishes out token tickets
So we do n't need wait in line .
so that we do n't need to wait in line .
If you come to Japan , you should go MIDORI sushi .
If you come to Japan , you should eat at MIDORI sushi .

Festival of the Inwha girls high school ! !
Our school holds a festival soon . ( 9 / 4 .
My school festival name is ' Mok - ryeon - je ' .
My school festival 's name is ' Mok - ryeon - je ' .
Many students from other schools will visit my school to watch the ' Mok - ryeon - je ' .
Cuz my school festival is known for many interesting program .
Cuz my school festival is known for many interesting programs .
I am in female high school , but I can meet male student during the school festival . ( Yippee ! )
I am in a female high school , but I can meet male students during the school festival . ( Yippee ! )
Many bands from other male schools and B - BOY team will come to our festival .
Many bands from other male schools and B - BOY teams will come to our festival .
But , most of all , I 'm expecting ' talent show ' .
It is the first program in this festival .
It is the first event in the festival .
Since this festival will be the only festival in our high school life , ( Sadly , when we 'll be seniors in High School , we ca n't even attend school festival . )
Since this festival will be the only festival in our high school life , ( Sadly , when we 're seniors in High School , we ca n't even attend the school festival . )
many girls participate this .
many girls participate in this one .
( They said like this , but I think they had decided because of many items .
Now I 'm thinking about participating in the talent show . . .
Mmmmmm . . . .
Would you come over my school festival ?
Would you come to my school festival ?
Tomorrow is my birthday !

Business Chance
I met my friend who found a company about three month ago .
Her company focuses on the beauty industry .
Maybe I will help her to make the web system .
Since the beauty industry have a low IT literacy , there are a lot of business chance .
I hope that this project will go well .

a cute sweater
I went to Myeong - dong with my boyfriend yesterday .
I went to Myeong - Dong with my boyfriend yesterday .
We ate some delicious foods and did window shopping .
We ate delicious foodand went window shopping .
By the way , I found one sweater that I really liked .
I wanted to buy that but I was put off by the price first .
I wanted to buy it , but I was put off by the price at first .
Me and my boyfriend drank some beer in one pub .
When we left the pub , I regretted not buying the sweater and I tried to go the store again to buy that .
When we left the pub , I regretted not buying the sweater , so I returned to the store to buy it .
However , the store was already closed and I simply had to just go home .
However , the store was already closed , so I simply had to go home .

Second Avatar
Despite I went watching movie Avatar this Monday ,
Despite going to watch Avatar on Monday ,
today I went again .
Because today I appresiated to my friends that `` Avatar is a great movie ! `` , so my friend said she wanted to go soon ! !
Today I told my friend that `` Avatar is a great movie ! `` , so she said she wanted to go soon ! !
I did n't think that I watched that movie twice .
I did n't think that I would watch the movie twice .
Second Avatar was truly good movie ,
but I would n't like to go three time .
but I would n't want to go a third time .

Last induction course
Yesterday , I attended the lecture whose name is `` international contribution leader training program `` .
Yesterday , I attended a lecture called the `` International Contribution Leader Training Program `` .
The program started by 52008 .
The program started in May 2008 .
And the program ended yesterday .
And the program ended yesterday .
I changed myself by this program .
I changed because of this program .
Now , I do n't give a detailed account of this program .
But I want to say only one word `` Thank you very much ! ! `` .
But I want to say only one thing , thank you very much ! !

About advice .
About an advice .
About advice .
Do you follow advice when you asked for it ?
Do you follow an advice when you asked for it ?
Do you follow advice when you ask for it ?
Most of people I know tend not to .
Most of the people I know tend not to .
I do n't judje them - everyone knows that it 's easy to give advice to others .
I do n't judge them - everyone knows that it 's easy to give an advice to others .
I do n't judge them - everyone knows that it 's easy to give advice to others .
Sometimes they just tell me : `` Sorry , but you do n't quite understand my situation `` or `` Thank you for your opinion , but it still seems too complicated for me , I need to think about it some more before I make any dessision `` .
Sometimes they just tell me : `` Sorry , but you do n't quite understand my situation `` or `` Thank you for your opinion , but it still seems too complicated for me , I need to think about it some more before I make any decision `` .
But sometimes it turns just ridiculouls .
But sometimes it turns just ridiculous .
My friend tells me : `` I need your advice `` and at the moment I feel all importance and responsibility of the question .
My friend tells me : `` I need your advice `` and at the moment I feel all important and responsible of the statement .
My friend tells me : `` I need your advice , `` and at that moment I feel the importance and responsibility of the question .
I say : `` Sure , go on , I 'll try to help `` .
- I was going to somewhere with somebody .
- I was going somewhere with somebody .
But then I let them down , and now they are cross with me .
But then I let them down , and now they are against me .
But then I let them down , and now they are cross with me .
What do I do ?
Should I still go there ?
I analyse and try to find the best words to explain my point of view .
I analyze and try to find the best words to explain my point of view .
I think about my friend 's and friend of her 's feelings and do my best to be unbiassed .
I think about my friend 's and friend of her 's feelings and do my best to be unbiased .
HOW ABOUT THIS ? I think about the feelings of my friend and her friend and do my best do be unbiased .
I explain it to her and when I 'm done I feel like my peice of advise is n't a bad one .
I explain to her and when I finish I feel like my piece of advise is n't a bad one .
And my friend says :
- Oh . . .
I see . . .
But maybe I should just wait . . .
Maybe they wo n't be so angry tomorrow . . .
Thank you anyway .
And I know what it means : I 'd rather just pretend that nothing have happened .
And I know what it means : I 'd rather just pretend that nothing happened .
It 's a frustration .
Well , but I glad that her problems was not that serious as she told me .
Well , but I 'm glad that her problem was not that serious as she told me .
Well , but I 'm glad that her problems were not as serious as she told me .
People always need some support , but never need anyone to told them what to do !
People always need some support , but they never need anyone to tell them what to do !
That is my opinion about advice ^ _ ^
That is my opinion about an advice ^ _ ^
That is my opinion about advice ^ _ ^

Hello , everyone !
Today , I would like to talk about HANABI .
HANABI is Japanese poetic event of summer .
Season of hanabi is September and August .
The hanabi season is September and August .
In japan , HANABI divid High - into - the air fire work and Toy fireworks .
In Japan , HANABI are divided into High - into - the air fireworks and Toy fireworks .
The old HANABI Festival is `` Sumidagawa . ``
An old HANABI Festival is `` Sumidagawa . ``
I going to go to Hababi festival in Augest .
I am going to go to a Hanabi festival in August .
With whom have you been to fireworks ?
With whom have you been to see fireworks ?
or , Do you go with whom to see fireworks this year ?
or , Who are you going to see fireworks with this year ?
Please tell me .

Tet Holiday
It 's about two week more that I will go home .
It 's about two weeks more before I will go home .
Now , I 'm counting each day .
I 'm going to be with my family , my girl friend .
I 'm going to be with my family and my girlfriend .
I can imagine how happy I be .
I can imagine how happy I 'll be .
When I 'm home , I will play a lot .
I will sing Karaoke , ride bike around the town , eat a lot of delicious things .
I will sing Karaoke , ride my bike around the town , and eat a lot of delicious things .
In the morning , I will sit in the bank of Huong river and have some coffee .
In the morning , I will sit on the bank of the Huong river and have some coffee .
Oh my god , there are a lot of things I want to do in Tet Holiday .
Time please pass quickly ! !
Time , please pass quickly ! !
I wanna go home ^ - ^

I like apples very much .
I had a nibble a piece of apples a little while ago .
A little while ago , I had a nibble of an apple .
When I am asked what is my favorite food , I 'd answear apples is the best .
If I was asked `` what is your favorite food ? `` , I 'd answear `` apples are the best `` .
Technically , my favorite food is not exactly apples becase there are many other delicious food which sates my palate .
Technically , my favorite food is not exactly apples because there are many other delicious foods which satisfy my palate .
In Japan , there is one saying that goes , `` Apples in the morning is golden apples ``
In Japan , there is one saying that / which goes , `` Apples in the morning are golden apples ``
From nutrient 's point of view , they contain a lot of fibers .
From a nutritional point of view , they contain a lot of fibers .
It means that eating them facilitate us to diffuse solid excrements .
It means that eating them facilitates the diffusion of solid excrements .
If I liken the apples to a man , he is a very competant worrior with prowess .
He can battle with a depraved fiend called solid excrement and repel him with daggers called fiber .
And he especially exert his caliber in the morning .
Have a nibble an apple in the morning .
Otherwise , you could n't exorcise the diabolic ogre called poo out of your turf ! !

My favorite picture book 1
My favorite book is `` A million alive cat ``
My favorite book is called `` The cat with a million lives ``
Please read bellow story .
Please read the story below .
Please read the story below .
There was cat which did not dead a million years .
There once was a cat who lived for a million years .
There was a cat who lived for a million years .
He dead such a million times and he alive such a million times .
He died a million times and he lived a million times .
He was splendid tabby cat .
He was a splendid tabby cat .
He was a splendid tabby cat .
A million peoples loved the cat .
Millions of people loved the cat .
A million people loved the cat .
When the cat dead they cried .
When the cat died , they all cried .
When the cat died they cried .
The cat never cried .
Once , The cat was had by king .
One time , the cat was taken by the King .
He hated king .
He hated the King .
He hated the king .
King likes war and always at war .
Kings like war and are always waging war .
And then , King took the cat in luxurious cage for war .
And then , the King put the cat into a luxurious cage for war .

first time : )
First time : )
hello ~ : ]
Hello ~ : ]
I started by friend 's recommend
I started because of a friend 's recommendation
I 'm so nervous . .
I 'm so nervous . . .
I think my writing is wrong a lot !
I think my writing is wrong a lot !
anyway I think this is will be fun
Anyway I think this will be fun
I do n't speak english well . .
I do n't speak English well . . .
so help me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
So help me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

My favorite . . . 2
I like to play a soft ball .
I like to play soft ball .
I like to play softball .
I belong to a soft ball team in my school .
I belong to the softball team in my school .
Today , our team played a practice game .
Today , our team had a practice game .
I was little tense , but I hit four hits in two games .
I was a little tense , but I had four hits in two games .
And our team also won two games .
There will be a game tomorrow , too .
Good night .

nightmare
There were installed mac and window in my laptop so it had not enough memories .
Last night , I tried to organize programms I do not use .
Last night , I tried to organize programs I do not use .
And then my laptop was down and I ca n't figure out why .
The biggest problem is that I lost all of the essay files .
I spent almost two weeks to finish this essay .
It was a nightmare .

[ Finished ] Maintenance on Sunday
* * * * Updated * * * * *
The maintenance will take more long time than we supposed .
The maintenance will take longer than originally thought .
The new schedule is
16 : 00 - 21 : 00 ( UTC + 09 : 00 ) April 18th .
Thank you for your understanding .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Dear Lang - 8 users ,
Thank you very much for using Lang - 8 .
For server maintenance , we are going to shutdown the server for 2 hours .
We are going to shutdown the server for 2 hours to maintenance the server .
The down time is following :
The down time is as follows :
15 : 00 - 17 : 00 ( UTC + 09 : 00 ) April 18th .
Thank you very mucu ,
Thank you very much ,
Lang - 8 staff

Whose Homework Is It ? ? ? ? ? ?
I 'm struggling with my 15 - year - old daughter 's assignments now .
I 've been asked to help her with them for three weeks .
So I NEED TO study math , social studies , and even science in advance to teach them to her .
It 's quite impossible to teach what I DON ' T know , right ? ? ? ? ? ?
I finished her English and math assignments about a couple of days ago , but today she told me that I HAVE TO get all subjects done by tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! !
To tell the truth , I wanted to go to bed early today , but I was woken up by my older daughter and started her social studies assignments .
I have just finished them .
Hey ma ' am , MAY I go to bed or do I have to do your science assignments too ?
I ca n't help feeling absured . . .
I ca n't help feeling absurd . . .
You 're really INCAPABLE OF studying ( due to some mental handicaps ) ? ? ?

What do you think about Phonics ?
I heard Phonics is popular for native children to learn English pronunciation .
I heard Phonics are popular for native children learning English pronunciation .
Have you ever learned with Phonics ?
If so , please tell me what is good !
I want to speak English as well as native .
I want to speak English as well as a native .
And more , Phonics helps me reading words from its spell .
I hope you 'll give me good resposes .

You know ?
When I watch the foreign movie , I often hear the word [ you know ? ] .
When I watch a foreign movie , I often hear the word [ you know ? ] .
situations are various , so I am at a loss .
There are various situations it 's used in , so I am at a loss .
But I want to use a new phrase , so please teach me how to use the word .
But I want to use a new phrase , so please teach me how to use this phrase .
If you have time , write examples .

My hobby is taking pictures and using a photoshop to retouch that .
My hobby is taking pictures and using photoshop to retouch them .
It 's very fun .
There are so many colors .
I can make picture blue or bright by photoshop .
I can make a picture blue or brighter with photoshop .

I 'm Tina 's daughter , Lee Lee , 8 years old .
I 'm studing English .
I like animal and dogs and cats and lizards and hamsters and guinea pigs and turtles .

Glad to meet you .
I 'm not good at English , so I entry this `` Lang - 8 `` .
I 'm not good at English , so I am writing an entry on `` Lang - 8 `` .
I try to write sentence in English .
I will try to write sentences in English .

What the hell . . .
What the Hell ?
After youtube . com , the VIMEO .
com was banned by Chinese government either .
I was very confused about that .
Why could such good webs be banned ?
How could such good web sites be banned ?
We have no right to determine anything .
They have no right to determine which sites we access .
Without these treasury sources , I can hardly enjoy any videos about magic .
Without these treasured sources , I can hardly enjoy any videos about magic .
I can not believe that .
I can not believe it .
I can only use proxies to get on these webs .
I can only use proxies to get on these web sites .
It 's terrible . . . . .
It 's terrible !

Japanese literatures
These days I often read Japanese literatures because they are in my new electoronic dictionary .
These days I often read Japanese literature because they are in my new electoronic dictionary .
These days I often read Japanese literature because they are in my new electronic dictionary .
I like to read books witten by Dazai Osamu .
I like to read books written by Dazai Osamu .
Do you know him ?
Are his books popular abroad ?
I want to know this .

I went to Nagoya .
I could n't study English and I was not writing English sentence .
I could n't study English and I did n't write English sentences .
Recently , I could n't study English and I did n't do any writing in English . ( sounds more natural )
I felt that I was necessary to continue to study English .
I felt that it was necessary for me to continue studying English .
By the way , my friend got a married last week .
I went to Nagoya to congratulate her .
I had good time very well it was funny wedding .
I had good time , it was a nice wedding .
I had a good time . It was a fun wedding .
I stayed overnight , I went to Nagoya castle where is famous in Nagoya .
I stayed overnight and I went to Nagoya castle which is famous in Nagoya .
Especially , it 's famous gold shachihoko on Nagoya castle .
It is especially famous for the gold shachihoko on the Nagoya castle .
We ate Miso taste ice - cream that it was very fine and hot on the day .
We ate ice - cream that tasted like miso . It was hot that day .
It was interesting taste .
It was an interesting taste .
It was an interesting flavor .
I felt beautiful around Nagoya station .
I looked beautiful around Nagoya station .
Because , I did n't see electric wire between a lot of tree and wide sky .
The electric wire was buried .
The electric wires were buried underground .
I was very tired but I had good time .
I was very tired but I had a good time .
We had slept in Shinkansen ( superexpress ) .
We slept in the Shinkansen ( superexpress ) .

I want the same dress as on a picture .
I want the same dress as in this picture .
But I can not find anything like this to buy for bellydance = (

Dear diary .
I played the game of Shogi that Japanese traditional game .
I played the game of Shogi , that Japanese traditional game .
The Shogi is similar to the chess .
Shogi is similar to chess .
The number of player is two , and play alternatively ( in turn ) .
The number of players is two , and they play alternatively ( in turn ) .
Both players defend their king piece , which name is `` OUSHOU `` .
The difference from chess is that we can use the piece which
have been got from enemy .
has been got from the enemy .
It is quite complicated because we can use the piece , so
the number of playing pattern might be infinity .
the number of playing patterns might be infinity .
Best regards , H .
Sugata .

Having said that . . .
Yesterday I cought this phrase in Obama 's speech made at G20 in Central London .
Yesterday I caught this phrase in Obama 's speech made at the G20 in Central London .
For me , participial constructions sound very formal so I 've only seen in written English or heard in someone 's speech so far .
For me , participal constructions sound very OR quite formal , hitherto I 've only seen them in written English or heard them in someone 's speech . .
Can I use this expression with my friends by spoken English ?
or does this sound awkward as a daily expression ?
OR or does it sound inappropriate for everyday use ?

I watched avator in the cinema on thursday .
it was beautiful . I watched it alone .
pity that I dont have a mate to share that beautiful sceans with .
pity that I do n't have a mate to share the / those beautiful scenes with .

Snowing and raining .
Monday , Snow fell again !
And today it was raining .
What a crazy weather !
What crazy weather !
The weather cast said , it will be snowing again in March .
The weather cast said , it will snow again in March .
ehm . . .
The global warming seems like very serious .
global warming is becoming very serious .
Pohang was n't the place snowing too much like this year .
Pohang does n't usually snow as much as it did this year .

Keep a garden clean
It 's hard to keep a garden clean and particularly in summer ,
It 's hard to keep a garden clean particularly in summer ,
plants grow thick .
when plants grow thick .
If you do n't weed your garden for one week in the summer , it 'll get just like a jungle soon .
If you do n't remove the weeds from your garden for one week during summer , it 'll soon appear like a jungle .
And then , we have to care about a shortage of water , too .
And then , watering them also become a problem because of the shortage of water .
In addition we have to get rid of worms .
In addition , we also have to get rid of worms .
The sun is so strong in summer , it would be better in the morning or in the evening to work on a garden .

Cheers ? !
How to describe this in English ?
At one time , My classmates and I went to a party .
It was held by our dean of department and many professors .
All of us were very serious dressed because it was a formal one .
I sat in one of the table with other 8 classmates and a junior staff of the department .
In the beginning , the atmosphere was not very hot and the young staff , as a senior one in this table ,
He rouse his goblet and shouted : `` let 's cheers ! ``
We all rouse our goblets happily except one classmate .
We all rose our goblets happily except one classmate .
He did n't do anything but sat there .
`` What 's going on ? `` I asked him since I sat next to him
`` Well , I can not drink alcohol . that is because of my religion .
You know our rule is . . . . blablabla ``
He began to tell me their doctrine and their ideas without stopping .
Since he had his personal reason , we all could understand .
I even enthusiastically wanted to
help him out .
I asked the waitress if there was any graph fruit juice .
I asked the waitress if there was any grape fruit juice .
I thought it was the best substitute since it looked exactly the same as the wine .
However , when the dean , the most powerful professor in our department , came to our table ,
This guy stood up firstly with smiling .
`` Professor . let 's cheers ! blessing you ! `` He said and he drank the whole wine in his goblet at one shot .
All of the others at the table looked at each other .
`` What the hexx is that ? `` I murmured
How to describe this kind of people in English ?
Fawning ?
Pretending ?

Ta - da !
This is my room !
There is a desk , bed and so on .
There is a desk , a bed and so on .
I think my room is little mess so I need to clean my room .
I think my room is a little messy , so I need to clean it ( . ) .
Do you have your own room ?
What do you do in your romm ?
What do you do in your room ?
I do many things here in my room like studying , surfing the Internet , sleeping , reading books and so on .
I do many things in my room like studying , surfing the Internet , sleeping , reading books and so on .
I like this room the best of all rooms in my house .
I like this room the better than the other rooms in my house .

think VS bethink
I have a question for you about 2 similar words .
He thought of the need to study .
He bethought himself of the need to study .
He himself of the need to study .
What 's the difference between them above ?
In 2nd sentence , do I have to use - self ?

I have taught Japanese as a volunteer in California .
All sort of people gathered the club .
All sorts of people gathered in the club .
For example , American , Chinese , Korean , Arabian , Hispanic and Japanese .
For example there were : American , Chinese , Korean , Arabian , Hispanic and Japanese .
For example , there were American , Chinese , Korean , Arabian , Hispanic and Japanese people .
The range of age is wide , betwwen 20 and 60 .
The range of age was wide , betwwen 20 and 60 .
I went to Karaoke with the member .
I went to Karaoke with the member ( A colleague ? ) .
I went to Karaoke with the members .
But I could not choice the song everybody knew and came alive .
But I could not choose the song everybody would know and come alive to .
But I could not choice a song everybody knew and would come alive to .
What kind of song would you select ?

4
Go to desntist
Go to dentist
Go to the dentist
Go to the Dentist
Going to the dentist
Today , Jason had an appointment with dentist .
Today , Jason had an appointment with the dentist .
Today , Jason had an appointment with his dentist .
Today , Jason had an appointment with the dentist .
Last time when we had come to clinic , he never stopped crying , so we had had to come back home without treatment .
Last time when we had come to clinic , he never stopped crying , so we had had to go back home without treatment .
The last time when we went to the clinic , he never stopped crying , so we had to come back home without treatment .
So this time , we had to use medicine .
After sniffing up an opiate , he became like drunken .
After sniffing up the opiate , he became like drunkard .
After sniffing up an opiate , he became sort of drunken .
It was so funny .
He just looked like drained , and then , he continued to smile and kiss me , and spoke mixed words .
He just looked sort of drained , and then , he continued to smile and kiss me , and spoke mixed words .
I should have recorded his wired behavior : D
I should have recorded his weird behavior : D
I should have recorded his weird behavior : D

Nice to meet you !
Hello , my name is `` mos `` .
Today , I join Lang - 8 .
Today I joined Lang - 8 .
As the reason for joining , I had been to America to study since the day before yesterday for 1 week .
However , I could speak English well .
So , I think that I want to be able to speak English !
So , I think that I want to be able to speak English better !
After that , I join here .
After that , I joined here .
I introduce oneself easily .
I will introduce myself .
My name is `` mos `` .
I like japan animation .
People who like japan animation , say something for me , please !
Anyone who likes japan animation , leave me a message or comment , please !

About my first name
My first name consists of 2 chinese charactor .
My first name consists of 2 Chinese characters . .
Yuki 's `` YU `` means `` GENTLE `` and `` KI `` means `` HOPE `` .
My parents gave me this name because they want me to grow up kindly and have a hope forever .
My parents gave me this name because they want me to grow up kind and have a hope forever .
I 'm thankful to my parents because I love my name .

NEW STUDENT
I went to college the first time .
I went to my college for the first time today .
I 'm a new college student !
I felt the strain .
I felt the stress .
But , I made friends with new person .
But , I made friends with other students .
I will take an achievement test tomorrow .
I will do my best ! ! !

Learning Accounting
I 'm now learning accounting in English beause of business use .
I 'm now learning accounting in English beause of business .
So I must memorize many words of accounting , such as
I must memorize many words of accounting , such as
stock , security , bond , capital , and so on .
I bought the text books that are used at accounting subject of american university .
I bought the textbooks that are for accounting subjects from an American university .
I graduated from japanese university .
I graduated from a Japanese university .
But I must study as a freshman .
I must study as a freshman .
It is very fresh for me to study as a student , and I am reminded of my youth : )
It is very refreshing for me to study as a student , and I am reminded of my youth : )

Today is my . . .
birthday ! ! ! haha !
Same as former British Prime Minsiter Margaret Thacher ( spelling ? ) , so I 'm also an iron lady ! !
Same as former British Prime Minsiter Margaret Thatcher ( spelling ? ) , so I 'm also an iron lady ! !
Same as the former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ( spelling ? ) , so I 'm also an `` Iron Lady `` ! !
. . . . . . . .
I 've found it 's not easy to have my text corrected here in Lang - 8 .
So many people are learning English and looking for a techer to correct their language , but not so many native English speakers here . . .
So many people are learning English and looking for a teacher to correct their language , but there are not so many native English speakers here . . .
pity , as it 's a very good site .
I think I have read this issue was mentioned somewhere but I do n't remember where . .
It 's fun for me to correct sentences for Japanese learners so I would perhaps concentrate on correcting their Japanese for a while and wait for more English speakers to join Lang - 8 ! ?
It 's fun for me to correct sentences for Japanese learners . Perhaps I could concentrate on correcting their Japanese for a while and wait for more English speakers to join Lang - 8 ! ?

try to Lang - 8
try using Lang - 8
I 'm working as a system engineer in Japanese IT company in Tokyo .
I 'm working as a systems engineer at a Japanese IT company in Tokyo .
But last year our CEO suddenly directed us to change
our internal communication language from Japanese to English .
So I 'm now struggling to catch up this great transition .
So now I 'm struggling to catch up with this great transition .
I knew this site last Sunday heard from a man who are using this site .
I heard about this site last Sunday from a man who is using this site .
I decided to write my journal everyday as far as possible .
I decided to write in my journal everyday for as long as possible .
I 'm thinking to write about my hobby , life or interesting news .
I 'm thinking about writing about my hobby , life or interesting news .
If you are interested in , please take a look at it .
If you are interested , please take a look at it .

I went to KARAOKE yesterday with my friends !
My favorite artists is AAA , KARA , Girls generation , Avril Ramona Lavigne , , , , .
My favorite artists are AAA , KARA , Girls generation , Avril Ramona Lavigne , , , , .
I enjoyed KARAOKE !
By the way , I study English now .
By the way , I am studying English now .
But , I ca n't distinction to an intransitive verb and a transitive verb ( > n < ; ;
Can you help me ?
I wait for best answer .
I am waiting for the best answer .

My homework
Dear friend
I 've just received your letter and I 'm happy .
I want tell you about my hobby .
I like to watch football .
I support FC `` Barcelona `` and the Russian national team .
I dream to be present at the final match for the World Cup .
So I am a cinema fan .
I like to see masterpieces cinema .
My favorite films are `` Inside I 'm dancing `` and `` Forest Gump `` .
I adore to read books .
I adore reading books .
This is my hobby .
It is my hobby .
My favourite writer are Dan Broun and Jane Austen .
My favourite writers are Dan Broun and Jane Austen .
Dan Brown is the author of bestsellers `` The Da Vinci Code `` and `` Angels & Demons `` .
Dan Brown is the author of the bestsellers `` The Da Vinci Code `` and `` Angels & Demons `` .
Also I like `` Pride and Prejudice `` of Jane Austen .
Also I like `` Pride and Prejudice `` by Jane Austen .
What is your hobby ?
Do you like to read ?
Hope to hear from you soon .

Acne treatment
When I was a student I had been suffering from acne .
When I was a student , I suffered from acne .
I 've never used an American - made acne products so it was difficult to heal from acne .
I 've never used an American - made acne product so it was difficult to heal from acne .
I 've never used American - made acne products so it was difficult to heal my acne .
Japanese acne products does n't include benzoyl peroxide .
Japanese acne products do n't include benzoyl peroxide .
When I used an American - made acne products that is including benzoyl peroxide my acne would heal up .
When I used an American - made acne product , that included benzoyl peroxide , my acne healed up .
Lately my few friends said to me that they want to use an American - made acne products .
Lately , my few friends have said to me that they want to use American - made acne products .
I used a proactiv but it is a little expesive than others .
I used proactiv but it is a little expesive than others .
I used Proactiv , but it is more expensive than other products .
Could you reccomend some acne products to me ?
Could you recommend some acne products to me ?
Could you recommend some other acne products to me ?

hola a todos buenas noches .
me llamo es Astrika
Me llamo Astrika / Mi nombre es Astrika
yo soy Indonesia . mucho gusto : )
do you guys mind helping me learn spanish and improve my english ? hope you 're not .
see ya !

hi , this is my first dairy .
Hi , this is my first dairy .
hi , this is my first diary .
please Correct mine .
My work is making web site .
My work is making website .
I worked hard today .
So , I 'm so sleepy now .
So , I 'm so sleepy now .
good night !
Good night !

I 'm feeling better .
I 've been ill for a week , during the Spring Festival . : (
So I did 't go anywhere to have some fun .
Today I went to work and felt better .
But my mouth is still ache .
But my mouth is still aching .
> . < I still could n't have much food .
Now I have 3 friends here , haha !
Thank u for adding me !
I want more ! ^ ^

Determination and introduction about me .
Hi 06 / 19 Day today 2009 .
I join in the lang 8 .
I joined lang 8 .
I joined lang 8 .
so I promise that keep to study english to use this community .
so I promise to keep studying english in this community .
so I promise to keep to studying english and to use this community .
Because I wanna go Studying abroad .
Because I wanna go study abroad .
Because I want to go Studying abroad .
So I wanna get the enough point of GMAT .
So I wanna get enough points for GMAT .
So I want to get the enough GMAT points .
However , At first I want to get the good point at TOEIC test .
However , at first I want to get good points on the TOEIC test .
However , At first I want to get a good score on the TOEIC test .
Somebody please teach me the English in this site .
Somebody please teach me English on this site .
Somebody please teach me English on this site .
I keep to write the Diary in this .
I will keep writing my diary .
I will keep writing Diarys on this .
thank you

The 100th English journal !
I have been writing my English journal since I had participated in this Lang - 8 website service .
I have been writing in my English journal since I first began participating here at Lang - 8 .
Today , I finally wrote my 100th English journal !
Today , I finally wrote my 100th English journal entry !
I ca n't believe it !
I 'm very happy , and it 's really my milestone of learning English .
I 'm very happy , and it 's a real milestone in my journey to learn English .
I 'd like to continue writing a journal in English and reach the next milestone , the 200th Journal !
I 'd like to continue my English journal and reach the next milestone : the 200th entry !
I hope I will finish my 200th journal within next year .
I hope I will make it to my 200th entry within the next year .

Why I choose to work as an au pair ?
Why did I choose to work as an au pair ?
Why I chose to work as an au pair
On the 15th of July of the last year I came to London with the idea of work like waitress , cleaner or something like that , so I rent a room in a shared house in the east suburb of London and started to look for a job .
On the 15th of July last year I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress , cleaner or something like that , so I rented a room in a shared house in an eastern suburb of London and started to look for a job .
Last year on the 15th of July I came to London with the idea of working as a waitress , a cleaner or something like that , so I rented a room in a shared house in the east of London and started to look for a job .
One week later , I still not having sheets in my bed cause my landlady had n't bring them yet .
One week later , I still did n't have sheets in my bed cause my landlady had n't brought them yet .
One week later , I still did n't have sheets in my bed because my landlady had n't brought them yet .
The only way to cook in that house was with one saucepan and one frying pan . . .
for 4 persons .
for 4 people .
And , on top of that , the shower head work only if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath .
And , on top of that , the shower head only worked if you put it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath .
And on top of that , the shower head only worked if you held it at no more than 10 centimetres from the bottom of the bath .
I know that you ca n't expect to live , when you 're sharing a house , in the same conditions that you live in your parents ' house .
But at least I liked to have a shower standing up !
But at the very least I like to have a shower standing up !
But at least I would have liked to have a shower standing up !
thank you very much !
So , I checked all the possibilities : au pair , hotel waiting staff , try another shared house , . . .
So , I checked all the possibilities : au pair , hotel waiting staff , trying another shared house , . . .
I thought pros and cons of every job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family .
I thought about the pros and cons of every type of job and finally decided to make an au pair profile in a specialty website and look for a family .
And that 's the reason for why I ended working as an au pair .
And that 's the reason for why I ended up working as an au pair .
( The next chapter will be looking for a family )
( The next chapter will be about how I looked for a family )
Thanks for checking my mistakes ; )

chickenpox , moving out and being bored ; p
I 'm bored so I 'll write here something ^ ^ .
I 'm bored , so I 'll write something here ^ ^ .
Currently I have to stay at home because I 'm ill ; _ _ ; I have a chickenpox !
Currently , I have to stay at home because I 'm ill ; _ _ ; I have the chickenpox !
At first I thought that I was turning into a zombie , but fortunately I 'm not .
Or maybe it would be better ?
Who knows .
I have a lot of free time so I 'm looking for a flat / room in Warsaw .
Next month I should move out from my little city < finally ! > .
Next month I should be moving out from my little city < finally ! > .
Big city is waiting .
The big city is waiting .
I feel kind of unsure , you know moving to different city , being alone there etc .
But I 'll do my best and study hard !
And make new friends yeah !
And make new friends , yeah !
Giada De Laurentiis
Do you know Giada De Laurentiis who is a cooking adviser ?
Do you know Giada De Laurentiis , who is a cooking adviser ?
She is not popular in Japan .
She is not well known in Japan .
But I like her .
I like cooking especially Italian food .
I like cooking , especially Italian food .
When I went to Hawaii I was watching TV show , Food network .
When I went to Hawaii I watched a TV show called `` Food network `` .
Giada showed us how to cook Italian food on that .
That seem to be delicious .
Those dishes seemed delicious .
And she is so cute .
That is why I like her .

Today I listened to a song Tunami .
Today I listened to a song called Tsunami .
Tunami was sung by a Japanese rock band Southern All Stars .
Tsunami is sung by the Japanese rock band Southern All Stars .
I watched youtube movie about it .
I watched a video on youtube about it .
Tunami is a disaster like earthquake .
Tsunami is a disaster like an earthquake .
Japan has recently been attacked by big one .
Japan was recently by a big one .
Well , some say why they titled it tunami .
Well , some wonder why they 've named the song `` Tsunami . ``
Is n't there any better one ?
Is n't there a better alternative ?
But this song is very romantic and powerful .
It made me happy even in this conditions .
It makes me happy even in this situation .

The Unforseeable Future
I happened to view our class blog yesterday .
Most of my classmates had left a message on the blog about which university he or she had entered and wishes .
Entering a university is really a good thing , but for me , the messages are burdens .
As you know , I failed in the entrance exam of universities this year , which almost pushed me back to high school .
Though I 've past the entrance exam of Singapore Polytechnic , I still feel at a loss .
This is not what I wanted originally .
My original plan was to enter Tongji University and major in architecture .
However , the unexpected failure changed everything .
I have no idea about the life abroad or my future at all .
If I succeed in the entrance exam , I would be able to complete my undergraduate degree .
But know , I 'm only possible to go for senior college degree in SP .
But know , it 's only possible mor me to go for a senior college degree in SP .
I 've never thought about reading for a senior college degree , which makes me upset .
There are no architecture courses in senior college in China , and in China , one normally has to spend 5 years on architecture courses in universities .
I have no idea what architecture courses in senior colleges in Singapore .
I have no idea what architecture courses are in senior colleges in Singapore .
I do n't know whether I should also spend 5 years .
Besides , what should I do after I graduate from SP ?
Read for the undergraduate degree , or have the option to directly enter the work force ?
I have no idea .
Problems rise in many aspects , though , I have no options but to face them .
When one door shuts , another opens .
I believe it .

I love to watch japanese drama
I love to watch Japanese dramas
Recently , I 've watched Starwberry on The Short Cake , Romeo and Juliet
Recently , I 've watched Strawberry on The Short Cake , Romeo and Juliet
and so on
and I decided to watch Antique and News no Onna soon
I hope who had come across my journal could post me the link to watch
I hope who had come across my journal could post me a link to watch
them online
By the way , yesterday night I had come across Torrents and
By the way , last night I had come across Torrents and
RapidsearchFile
If I 'm not mistaken , we could download movies via them
If I 'm not mistaken , we could download movies that way
However , I did n't understand them very well
Who had a lot of informations about them please message me
People with information about them please message me
Thank you

2011 / 07 / 27 Keeping my promise
I went to swimming this morning .
I went swimming this morning .
I decide to do sports once or twice a week .
I have decided to do sports once or twice a week .
It aims to ease my stiff shoulders .
To keep promise is build my confidence .
Keeping this promise is building my confidence .
I have swim once a week minimally .

September
From today , September starts .
September starts from today .
In America , September is the start month in the fiscal ( school ) year , is n't it ?
In America , September is the first month of the fiscal ( school ) year , is n't it ?
( In Japan , April is the start month not September ) .
( In Japan , April is the first month not September ) .
My September 's objective is to be able to speak and write English more .
My objective for September is to be able to speak and write English more .
I want to live in America after graduating school : )
I want to live in America after graduating from school : )
Thanks .

Learning English on the Internet .
I talked about what I have studied English on the Internet .
I talked about what I have learned about English on the Internet .
I heard that there are 3 websites for study English .
I heard that there are 3 websites for studying English .
They are smart . fm , livemocha , and Lang - 8 .
At first , I used smart .
fm so that I memorize a lot of English words for TOEIC .
fm so that I could memorize a lot of English words for the TOEIC .
In the meantime , I wanted to talk in English using words that I had retained at smart .
In the meantime , I wanted to talk in English using the words that I had retained from smart .
And then , I started to use Lang - 8 .
As it is now , I write a daily journal everyday in English .
Now I write a daily journal everyday in English .

Death of Salesman
Do you know ' Death of Salesman ' ?
It 's a play written by Arthur Miller .
I 'm reading it in the original .
I 'm reading the original .
But I do n't understand this sentence .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
She more than loves him , she admires him , as though his mercurial nature , his temper , his massive dreams and little cruelties , served her only as sharp reminders of the turbulent longings within him , longings which she sheres but lacks the temperament to utter and follow to their end .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
Can you explain it with easier sentences ?

Translation for January 27th
I would like to notice our office transfer schedule .
( Please find attached pdf file . ) Baum head office and other design studios which have been located in separate buildings and now we will relocate and integrate into one building .
Transfer is scheduled from December 28th to 29th and we will launch the new office on February 1st .
The transfer is scheduled from December 28th to 29th and we will launch the new office on February 1st .
Please excuse inconveniences in services during transfer .

the big bang thoery is wonderful !
Tonight the Internet 's speed is very slow , so I find some downloaded vedios to watch .
Tonight the Internet 's speed is very slow , so I found some downloadable videos to watch .
And I just find that The big bang thoery is so funny , no matter how many times I have watched , I always laughed .
And I just found that The big bang thoery is so funny , no matter how many times I have watched , I always laughed .
But the newest episode will come on April 1st , it is too long , I ca n't wait to watch it , it 's really terrible .
But the newest episode will come on April 1st , it is too long to wait to watch it . It 's really terrible .

Urban myth
Some one said that one day no n't eat any food , just drink coffee can lose weight .
That is wrong beacuse when you just drink and do n't eat anything else , you stomach can not stand .
It is bad for stomach , if you want to lose weight you should keep exercise .
It is bad for the stomach . If you want to lose weight , you should keep exercising .

sashimi fry ?
These were Okazu for tonight .
Sasami fry and sunomono .
Sasami fry is one of my family 's favorite dishes .
You can eat them with tonnkatsu sauce .
Sasami is chicken meat .
I t has low calorie and high protein .
It has low calories and high protein .
So some athlete who build up his mustle and body often eat it .
So some athletes who build up their muscles and body often eat it .
Sasami fry is a kind of fried chicken .
How to make Sasami fry
How to make Sasami fry :
cut chicken into one bite size
cut chicken into bite sizes
put litte salt and pepper on cut chicken
put a litte salt and pepper on the chicken pieces
3 . put a little flour
dip 3 into raw fish
put crumbs of bread
put crumbs of bread on it
fry 5 until they gets brown
Why do n't you try this !

Nice to meet you !
The diary is written for the first time today .
I live in America .
I think I need learn English . . .
I think I need to learn English . . .
So I begin Lang - 8 .
I think this is so nice !
I want to continue this ! !

something and anything
read the following paragraph .
Elephants have very long noses which we call `` trunks . `` No other animals have as long trunks as elephants . the elephant can use its trunk to smell things and it can also pick up things with the tip of its trunk .
The tip of its trunk can be used like a hand .
Can you pick up ( a ) with the tip of your nose ?
a word in ( a ) . . .
the word in ( a ) . . .
what do you think will be in the blank ?
the answer seems to be `` something `` or `` anything . ``
actually is `` something `` in the blank , but grammatically it is better to be `` anything `` , which we Japanese are always careful about .
actually it 's `` something `` in the blank , but grammatically it is better to be `` anything `` , which we Japanese are always careful about .
what difference do you feel between `` some - `` and `` any - `` ?
which is better , do you think ?

work hard
Recentley , I 'm working very hard at part time jobs to earn money .
Recently , I 'm working very hard at part time jobs to earn money .
I worked at a chinese restaurant for 2 or 3 years as a part time worker , but I wanted to earn more money , so I started a new part time job at a bread shop about 1 month ago .
So now , I 'm doing two part time jobs . . . . .
It is much much harder than I 'd expected .
For example , I worked at a bread shop from 6 : 00am to 4 : 00pm except 10 : 30am to 11 : 30am as a break , after that , I worked at a chinese restaurant from 6 : 30pm to 10 : 00pm .
For example , I worked at the bread shop from 6 : 00am to 4 : 00pm except between 10 : 30am to 11 : 30am as that is my break . After that , I worked at the chinese restaurant from 6 : 30pm to 10 : 00pm .
Today , I worked at bread shop from 6 : 00am to 14 : 00 except 1 hour break , and from 5 : 30pm , I 'm going to go to the chinese restaurant to work .
Today , I worked at bread shop from 6 : 00am to 14 : 00 except for my 1 hour break , and from 5 : 30pm , I 'm going to go to the chinese restaurant to work .
One of the stereotype of Japanese is `` working hard `` , and I think I 'm just the stereotype Japanese now . : - (
One of the stereotype of Japanese is `` hard working `` , and I think I 'm just the stereotypical Japanese now . : - (
Wish me Luck .
The trouble flight ~
In mar 26 , I was planing to go to Pensacola to see my olde sister , But this trip is my worst and unforgoten trip .
In Mar 26 , I was planing to go to Pensacola to see my older sister , But this trip was my the worst and unforgot trip .
On mar 26 , I was planing to go to Pensacola to see my older sister , but this trip is my worst and most unforgettable trip .
First I need go to Seattle - Tacoma international airport and go to Houston to transfer the airplane , and the touble is coming : When the first flight was ready to fly , the attendant has told us that this plane was detected a `` unpredict `` problem onthis flight and then they started to explain the question which the passanger asked .
First I need to go to Seattle - Tacoma International Airport and go to Houston to transfer the airplane , and the touble was coming : When the first flight was ready to fly , the attendant has told us that this plane was detected a `` unpredict `` problem on this plane and then they started to explain the question which the passanger asked .
First , I needed to go to Seattle - Tacoma international airport and go to Houston to transfer airplanes . This is when the trouble starts . When the first flight was ready to take off , the attendant told us that there was an unpredicted problem on the flight and then they started answering questions the passengers asked .
About 2 hours after , they said that the Contiental Airplane can help us that change the another airplane and we can go on trip right away .
About 2 hours after , they said that the Contiental Airline could help us that change the another airplane so that we can go on trip right away .
About 2 hours after , they said that the Continental Airline can help us change to another airplane and then we can leave right away .
Then I have to the Terminal and go to the another gate in order to I can go to Pensacola as quickly as possible .
Then I have to back to the Terminal and went to the another boarding gate in order to I can go to Pensacola as quickly as possible .
Then I have to go to the Terminal and go to another gate in order to go to Pensacola as quickly as possible .
After 20 minutes the gate was open and we started to board the flight .
Sharn 's first trouble was ended .
Sharn 's first trouble ended .
Sharn 's first trouble has ended .
In 8 : 30 I arrived in the Houston international airport , whn I prepared to go to another borading gate , the flight number and destination was changed , I ask the fornt desk of Contiental Airplane and they told that this flight was cancelled cause the bad weather on the north of the America and So I had to stay in a hotel in one night .
In 8 : 30 I arrived in the Houston international Airport , when I prepared to go to another borading gate , the flight number and destination was changed , I ask the fornt desk of Contiental Airline and they told me that this flight was cancelled because the bad weather on the north part of the America and So I have to stay in a hotel on one night in Huston .
At 8 : 30 I arrived in the Houston international airport . When I prepared to go to another boarding gate , the flight number and destination was changed . I asked the front desk of Continental Airline and they told me that this flight was cancelled due to bad weather in North America . So I had to stay in a hotel for the night .
However , when I took a phone call to the hotel to ask the room , the staff told me that there was no more space in this hotel , So I have to go to Contiental Airplane service center to told them to change the hotel because this hotel was full , then they help me to contacted another hotel which has a room to rent .
However , when I took a phone call to the hotel to ask the room , the staff told me that there was no more space in this hotel , So I have to go to Contiental Airline service center to told them to change the hotel because this hotel was full , then they help me to contacted another hotel which has a room for rent to me .
However , when I called the hotel to ask about getting a room , the staff told me that there was no more space in the hotel . So I had to go to the Continental Airline service center and tell them to change the hotel because this hotel was full . Then they helped me contact another hotel which had a room to rent .
Finally I arrived the hotel to took a nap and prepare the flight in next day .
Finally I arrived the hotel to took a nap and prepare the flight next day .
Finally , I arrived at the hotel to take a nap and prepare for the flight the next day .
In 5 : 30 mar 27 , I was catching up the Shuttle Bus bewteen hotel and airport . 7 : 20 , I have boarded on plane which 's destnation is Pensacola and 2hour later , I arrived safely .
At 5 : 30 on mar 27 , I caught the Shuttle Bus between the hotel and the airport . At 7 : 20 I boarded the plane that was destined for Pensacola and 2 hours later I arrived safely .
In conculsion , this is my first time to travel abroad on U .
In conclusion , this is my first time to travel abroad on U .
A , I have found out some useful experiences on some emergency situaion on the flight .

Daughter 's Loose Tooth
My daughter 's front upper tooth is loose these days .
My daughter 's front upper tooth has become loose these days .
We was waiting for the tooth coming out , I found some of the tooth was getting violet during yesterday dinner .
While we were waiting for the tooth coming out , I found some of the tooth had turned violet during dinner yesterday .
After dinner , I looked at the back of it .
The middle of the back got to be red .
The middle of the back had turned red .
I felt something strange , because I 've never seen the loose baby tooth like this .
I 'm worried about it and called the dentist this morning .
I was worried about it and called the dentist this morning .
The doctor told me that it 's no problem , even if a loose baby tooth is getting violet or red , but he 's not sure if it 's fine unless he looks at it .
The dentist told me that it 's no problem , even if a loose baby tooth turns violet or red , but he 's not sure if it 's fine unless he looks at it .
Then I made a appointment for her .
Then I made an appointment for her .
It 's fifteen to six today .
It 's quarter to six today .
She is out for her piano lesson .
After she comes home , I 'll take her to the dentist .
She was afraid of it , when I told her about the appointment .
I hope that she will go there without any trouble .

Marathon in this heat
I ran a marathon , 42 . 195km , yesterday .
Yesterday , I ran a marathon , 42 . 195km .
The highest temperature was about 35 degrees celsius .
It was too hot to run a long distance , even to do any other exercise outdoors .
It was too hot to run a long distance , or even to do any other exercise outdoors .
However , I got it done .
It was very tough , you know .
Of course I could not run as fast as usual due to the heat .
I had to have some rests on the way and hydrate several times .
I poured water over my head some times too .
I poured water over my head several times , too .
I ran in the shade as possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight .
I ran in the shade as much as possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight .
I ran in the shade as much as OR when possible to minimize the exposure to direct sunlight .
It was very tough again , but I did it .
It was very tough , but I did it .

I 'm looking forward to see .
I 'm looking forward to seeing it .
Today , I drew a picture for a Band of my friends .
Today , I drew a picture for my friend 's band .
the picture ( a man standing by the sea as sun shining ) will be printed on T - shirts .
The picture , a man standing by the sea as the sun shines down on him , will be printed on T - shirts .
I only know them on the web .
I only know the band from the web .
I do n't meet them actually .
I 've never meet them in person .
but , next month I 'm going to see them for the first time .
But , next month I 'm going to see them for the first time .
I wish they will like this T - shirts .
I hope they will like these T - shirts .

I started to walking everyday .
I started to walk everyday .
I want to do running , but it 's too hard for me .
I want run instead , but it 's too hard for me .
So , I made up my mind to start walking .
I went to Umenokouji - park near my house .
This park is pretty big , and many flower gardens in it .
This park is pretty big , with many flower gardens in it .
Now , the rape blossoms and the kind of cherry blossoms are at their
Now , the rape blossoms and a certain kind of cherry blossoms are at their
best now .
It was beautiful !
But my foot and back hurts .
But my foot and back hurt .
Maybe muscular pain . . .

Terrible homework : (
Oh my god , tomorro is Monday again and we have to hand in our weekend homework , but there are so much homework to do .
Oh my god , tomorrow is Monday again and we have to hand in our weekend homework , but there are so much homework to do .
I hate writing down the English sentences that I wrote in wrong ways for so many times .
I hate repeatedly rewriting the English sentences that I wrote incorrectly .
It does n't make any effect on my English learning !
It does n't have any effect on my English learning !
What I need to do is just correct in one time and remember them so that I wo n't make the same mistakes again .
What I need to do is just correct it once and remember them so that I wo n't make the same mistakes again .
Oh I really do n't realize what the teachers are thinking .
Oh I really do n't know what the teachers are thinking .
I have to go and ' fight ' with my terrible homework .
Bless me . . .
Maybe you mean ' Wish me luck . . . '

A Christmas party in church
I attended to a Christmas party in church on last Saturday that was held for working people .
I attended a Christmas party at church last Saturday that was held for working people .
They held many simple games .
They had many simple games .
Most of them were like for child , but Filipinos were so competitive and serious that I could n't follow their spirits .
An accident happened when we were playing musical chairs .
There remain last 4 people and 3 chairs .
There were 4 people and 3 chairs .
They were dancing with music and the music stopped all of a sudden .
A girl of them , who is my friend , took off the chair another girl was trying to sit on and she fell on her backside !
One of the girls , who is my friend , pulled out the chair another girl was trying to sit on and she fell on her backside !
Some were laughing at it and some were just surprised at it .
It was unbelievable for me because I 've done same thing when I was child and my teacher scolded me so much .
It was unbelievable for me because I 've done the same thing when I was a child and my teacher scolded me so much .
It can damage the spinal cord .
I was determined not to play games with her anymore .

Scolarship application ^ ^
Hey everyone !
This is my first English journal ( already have a few in japanese ^ ^ )
I had previously decided not to write in English , because I already practice with my family in Australia ( casual conversations ) , but they 're too nice to correct my mistakes , so I 'm counting on you ; - )
Here it goes :
I 'm applying for an UWC ( United World Colleges ) scholarship this year , actually I have the interview this saturday so , you can imagine how nervous I am .
Some of you might have heard of this organization , for those who have n't I 'll explain a little ^ ^
Some people say it 's an international school , might be . . , but in fact it 's a lot more than that .
Some people say it 's an international school , and it might be . . , but in fact it 's a lot more than that .
It 's a non - profit organization that brings students from around the globe together , students are selected on merit through a total or partial scholarship program , so the ability to pay is n't taken in count at all .
It 's a non - profit organization that brings students from around the globe together . Students are selected based on merit through a total or partial scholarship program , so the ability to pay is n't taken into account at all .
All the selected students get to go to one of the 13 UWC around the world , the locations are : Norway , Netherlands , Wales , Italy , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Swaziland , Singapore , India , Hong Kong , USA , Canada , Costa Rica and Venezuela .
The biggest aim of the colleges is to use education to achieve international understanding and peace : )
I want one of those scholarships so bad , it 's my dream to get to know more of the world , get to know a lot of cultures , to be able to speak foreign languages fluently .
I want one of those scholarships so bad , it 's my dream to get to know more of the world , to get to know a lot of cultures , and to be able to speak foreign languages fluently .
And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds , it 's what makes UWC so special to me , it 's the perfect place for everything that I want to do .
And being able to learn all of that from people with such different backgrounds is what makes UWC so special to me , it 's the perfect place for everything that I want to do .
Besides living in campus with classmates , studying , working ( community service ) and a lot more things .
I just ca n't imagine the way it would n't impact on my life , such a wonderful experience .
I just ca n't imagine the way it would impact my life , such a wonderful experience .
In my country only three of these scholarships are available this year : Norway , Singapore and Italy .
I do n't actually know the number of applicants this year but it wo n't surpass 40 people ^ ^
So if I get selected , get ready norwegian , italian and chinese speakers because I might ask for some help XD
Thanks a lot for reading ! ! ! and sorry if it was too long
( could n't help it ) ^ ^
Take care = )

the amazing change
My brother often made me sad since he had finished the service in the army .
My brother has often made me sad since he finished his army service .
He began to smoke and play game day and night in cybercafe .
He began to smoke and play games day and night in a cybercafe .
For this , my little sister and I had to often find him to cybercafe .
Because this , my little sister and I had to often go and find him in the cybercafe .
His phone was always closed and he did 't go to home to sleep at night .
His phone was always off and he did 't go to home to sleep at night .
I remebered for waiting him , result in weeping all night .
I remebered waiting for him , resulting in me weeping all night .
My parents hoped that he can go to China with them together and they maybe change his temp and bad habits .
My parents hoped that he would go to China together with them and that maybe thay can change his temper and bad habits .
But he insist to stay in Taiwan and keeping bad behavior , he made us pain and helpless .
But he insists on staying in Taiwan and on keeping his bad behavior , making us feel pain and helpless .
Today my father was rare to come to Taiwan , I was very happy .
Today my father on a rare visit , came to Taiwan . I was very happy .
And then my brother sid that he had a test . ( I do n't trust him , he had to be go to cybercafe . )
And then my brother said that he had a test . ( I do n't trust him , he had to be going to cybercafe . )
He said that he will come back at 4 or 5 o ' clock .
So we waited him until 6 o ' clock , he did 't still come home and my father lose his temper .
So we waited for him until 6 o ' clock , and when he did n't still come home and my father lost his temper .
He was angry and asked us to lock the door .
( If it 's time at 10 : 00 o ' clock and he does 't still come home , we decide to lock the door . )
( If it 's 10 : 00 o ' clock and he still has n't come home , we decide to lock the door . )
At 8 : 00 , when my brother came home , we were preapring for shouting at him .
At 8 : 00 , when my brother came home , we were preparing to shout at him .
Suddently he said that I decided to go to China with father , because I ca n't hold on myself .
Suddently he said , `` I have decided to go to China with father , because I ca n't hold onto myself `` .
We were so surprised and began to open our smiles .
We were so surprised and began to smile .
It 's so surprising that I cant believe it !
It 's so surprising that I ca n't believe it !
I always really worry him .
I always really worry about him .
Althought I do n't know he go to China if it is a good thing , he want to change himself make me happy .
Althought I do n't know him going to China is a good thing , that he want to change himself makes me feel happy .
Please god save and bless him .

Marine Day
It 's one of Japanese Holiday today .
It 's one of Japan 's Holidays today .
I heard only Japan has a holiday for marine in the world .
By the way , I like mountain much more .
By the way , I like mountains much more .
So please make mountain day
( as holiday of cource ) .
( as holidays of course ) .
Also , river day , lake day , meadow day . . . ( as holiday of cource ) .
Do you know that Japan ( being said as workaholic country ) has 15 holidays and these are most in developed countries ?
Do you know that Japan ( being describled as a workaholic country ) has 15 holidays , the most out of all developed countries ?
Of cource , I did n't know .
Of course , I did n't know .

I came back
Today my husband and elder daughter went to Tokyo 's home and younger daughter and I remained in Kyoto .
I got a little free time , so I restart Lang - 8 ! !
I ( have ) a little free time , so I ( have restarted ) using Lang - 8 ! !
A lot of things happened this month .
A lot of things have happened this month .
I ca n't describe all things but our family is very good now .
I ca n't describe ( everything ) , ( comma ) but our family is very good now .
In Japan , a huge earthquake happened as you know .
Our relative do n't live in Tohoku area but my husband 's friend 's house was drifted by big tsunamis .
Our ( relatives ) do n't live in the Tohoku area , ( comma ) but my husband 's friend 's house was ( destroyed ) by big tsunamis .
Recently we do n't hear the status after that from the friend .
We always worry his family .
We are always ( worrying ) about his family .

I did n't feel well today
I have a slight fever .
I had a slight fever .
tomorrow is likely work hard .
Work will likely be hard / tough tomorrow .

Today is Saturday .
If you could translate this paragraph , , , Would you be able to do it ?
But Why I am still in library ! ! ! ? ?
because I got exams coming soon ! > . <
After finishing off all the my exams at the end of June ,
I 'm gon na flying back to Seoul and have a holiday !

Greece is very hot !
I went to Greece last month .
It was very hot there , and I got a sunburn in my left arm .
It was very hot there , and I got sunburn on my left arm .
Athens are full of people and dilapidated ancient monuments .
Athens is full of people and dilapidated ancient monuments .
The trip in Athens does n't make me relaxed .
The trip to Athens did n't relax me .

Result of 17th september work
Result of 17th September work
Today , I thought it very deeply .
Today , I thought [ about something ] very deeply .
What should be the artist , What should a bussinesman .
What should an artist be like , what should a bussinesman be like .
When I make it a mistake , Brandig inpact .
When I make a mistake , there is a brand impact .
I am as a artist aspiration .

Miss Favour Barkani wrote me a letter !
I received a letter from a young girl from U .
I received a letter from a young girl from the U .
I think she is a hacker and I will not write her back .
What do you think about her ?
The content of the letter is shown below .
My name is Miss Favour barkani , I am a young girl seeking for your relationship .
I am interested in you , I will like you email me back at my ( favourbarkani @ yahoo .
I am interested in you , I will like if you email me back at my ( favourbarkani @ yahoo .
uk ) because I will like to scan my photo and you will understand me well .
uk ) because I will like to scan my photo so you will understand me well .
Age , colour and distance will not stop the relationship .
Miss Favour

Hawaii Vol , 2
Hawaii Vol . 2
Hawaii Vol . 2
Hi there .
Today , I write about my trip again .
Today , I will write about my trip again .
Today , I will write about my trip again .
There was vivid magenta Bougainvillea near the Kailua beach park .
There was a vivid magenta Bougainvillea near the Kailua beach park .
There was a vivid magenta Bougainvillea bush near the Kailua beach park .
I uploaded that picture .
Then we took the lunch at a restaurant we have seen on the magazine .
It was delicious a fruit salad I ordered .
I ordered a delicious fruit salad .
The third day , we went to Laniakea beach .
This beach is very famouse about that the sea turtle come to have sunbath .
This beach is very famous for the sea turtles that come to sunbathe there .
This beach is very famous for having sea turtles come to shore ( or sand ) to sunbath .
At this time , there is no sea turtle on the beach , instead there is a hawaiian monk .
At that time , there were no sea turtles on the beach , instead there was a Hawaiian monk seal .
He was big and just sleeping on the beach .
He was big and was just sleeping on the beach .
That figure was so pretty .

About a bus system .
NYC has very convenient a bus system .
It covers all of the city .
Bus stops are every 2 or 3 blocks .
People do n't need to walk here but it takes to many hours to get your destination because the bus stops many times .
Is it really convenient ?
I think that all systems in this world has an advantage and a disadvantage .
I think that all bus systems in the world hastheir advantages and disadvantages .
If they shout capitalism and rational in this country , this system is more considered by them .

big homework
I 'm on summer vacation now .
I have many homework .
I have lots of homework .
I have n't done it during summer vacation .
So I 'm going to go to library to do it . . . . .
So I 'm going to go to the library to do it . . . . .
I do n't want to do it . . .
But I have to . . . . .
Instead of did n't do it , I got great memories ! !
Instead of not doing it , I got great memories ! !
I 'll write down here ! !

Today , I went to a dentist .
Today , I went to a dentist .
cuz I have a toothache at lastnight -
because I had a toothache last night -
it 's very painful , I do n't wanna go to a dentist .
it is very painful , I do n't want to go to the dentist .
but I have to go tmw again for my teethridge .
but I have to go tomorrow again for my teethridge .
I do n't know why I have a cavity dakneunde , I take a brush on daily .
I do n't know why I have a cavity dakneunde , I brush my teeth daily .
terrible . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Baby has come !
The baby has arrived !
The year 2011 has started with bringing a new baby to my family .
The year 2011 has started with the arrival of a new baby in my family .
My second son , Fal ( his nickname in this diary ) is healthy and sleeps well .
His older brother , Pax likes to take care of him .
His older brother , Pax , likes to take care of him .
It 's lovely to see the older trying to hold the little one and to hear what he talks to the baby .
It 's lovely to see the older trying to hold the little one and to hear what he says to the baby .
People say the older one often gets jealous to the new comer and acts nasty , or behaves like a baby .
People say that the older one often gets jealous of the newcomer and acts nasty , or behaves like a baby .
Yes , I can see now Pax sometimes pretends to be a small baby - he wants to suck my breast a little and he crawls .
But I can see now that Pax sometimes pretends to be a small baby - he sometimes wants to feed / nurse from my breast and he crawls .
I look forward to seeing how they grow their relationship between two brothers .
I look forward to seeing how they their relationship as brothers develops .
I hope they can be the best friends with each other .
I hope they can be the best of friends with each other .

How do you do ?
Hi , my name is Shiro
I 'm Began to learn English
I 'm starting to learn English
Nice to meet you .

Hellooo ^ ^
I 'm university student .
I 'm a university student .
I like to play Kendo . do you know Kendo ?
Kendo is a Japanese martial arts .
( looks like a fencing ) I started it at elementary student .
( looks like a fencing ) I started it as an elementary student .
So I 'm playing Kendo so long time .
So I 've been playing Kendo for a long time .
Last year I went to France Toulouse one month .
Last year I went to Toulouse , France for one month .
there was a very good place ! !
That was a very good place ! !
I studied French a little .
It was very funny , because firsttime I try to speak French but I could n't communicate with people well .
It was very funny , because the first time I tried to speak French I could n't communicate with people well .
So after few days , I became always using English .
So after few days , I started always using English .
That is why , I ca n't speak French . haha !
But I like French language and want to know the culture !
I 'm interested in the culture of various country .
I 'm interested in the cultures of various countries .
I want to talk with different country people .
I want to talk with people from different countries .
I 'm waiting your contact ! xD

About the Project Manager
What is the duty of the Project Manager ?
What does the work position mean ?
Many such questions often come up in one 's mind .
The Project Manager is the person who makes a deliberate schedule for a project and supervises the whole execution process .
The Project Manager should have a set of skills or techniques , including the abilities to raise the sharp questions , detect the unknown assumptions , and solve the confilicts between people , etc .
The Project Manager should have a set of skills or techniques , including the abilities to raise the sharp questions , detect the unknown assumptions , and solve the conflicts between people , etc .
, and including many skills in modern management as well .
Also including many skills in modern management as well .
The major responsibility of the Project Manager is to identify different risks to affect the success of the Project , which should be measured by formal or informal ways throughout the whole project 's lifetime .
The major responsibility of the Project Manager is to identify different risks that affect the success of the Project , which should be measured by formal or informal ways throughout the whole project .
Risks always generate from the uncertainty of the project .
Risk always generates from the uncertainty of the project .
A successful project manager often takes the risks as the matter being paid much close attention to .
A successful project manager often takes the risk of paying to much attention to the matter .
All problems to affect the project usually appear in different types like these or those .
A good project manager is able to reduce the risks of a project significantly , persisting in the open policies to communicate with each other so as to give each participator in the project many opportunities to express their own opinions and suggestions .
I agree with such a opinion as a qualified project manager is not only from studying but more from practicing .
I agree with such a opinion as a qualified project manager comes not only from studying , but more from practicing . .

School trip ! !
I will go on a school trip in Hokkaido on September 15 ~ 18 .
I will go on a school trip to Hokkaido from September 15th to the 18th .
I have never been to Hokkaido so I 'm looking forward to going there .
I have never been to Hokkaido so I 'm looking forward to going .
I will go to Otaru and Furano in Hokkaido .
Do you know there ?
In fact , I hardly know about there .
In fact , I hardly know anything about them .
So I do n't teach you the information .
So I ca n't do n't teach you anything .
Sorry . . .
But I will tell you the memory when I return a school trip .
But I will tell you about it when I return from my school trip .
See you !

Book Report on `` Elmer and the Dragon `` part 1
I firstly read Japanese version when I was 6 or 7 years old .
I first read the Japanese version when I was 6 or 7 years old .
Now I 've just finished reading the book in English .
This is a second book of the series `` My Father 's Dragon `` as you know .
This is the second book in the series `` My Father 's Dragon `` as you know .
Its English is easy but it makes me clearly imagine each scene .
The English is easy but it makes me clearly imagine each scene .
The rhythm of sentences are easy to read .
The rhythm of the sentences make it easy to read .
So I like reading this book out loud .
This story begins with the scene in which the dragon saved and flied away from the island where the ferocious animals had locked him .
This story begins with a scene in which a dragon was saved and flew away from an island where ferocious animals had locked him up .
9 - years Elmer saved the dragon .
9 - year old Elmer saved the dragon .
Now they were on their way home .
Then they were on their way home .
First they set on Tangerina Island with many of tangerines .
First they came across Tangerina Island with many tangerines .
After suffering from storm , they flied down to a little green island .
After suffering a storm , they flew down to a little green island .
At that place they met canaries whose king were sick of curiosity .
There they met some canaries whose king was sick from curiosity .
This is the end of the former part .
This is the end of the first part .
The latter I will write tomorrow .
I will write about the final part tomorrow .

On Sunday
Sunday , December 5 . sunny and chilly
It was pretty good , today .
Because , I studied with my friend K , about optimistic training for special education children .
Because , I ( study ) with my friend K , about optimistic training for special education ( educated ) children .
I have wanted to this study for long time .
I wanted to study this long time ago .
So , I felt that today was a day of my dreams came true !
So , I felt ( feel ) that today is a day which my dreams comes true !
The teacher gave a full detail of the point .
So , I felt satisfied that time .
So , I felt satisfied

a new month
in the morning
it rained heavily
I go on taking my driving lessons
it turned to be sunny
it turned sunny
and the air is fresh
after sauna
I did some exercises
finally it goes up to 90scores
I hope I can make it
talking to sanh all the afternoon
I feel moved and happy
hope we can handle our life smoothly

im getting nervous
Tomorrow Im gon na take a SSAT .
Tomorrow Im gon na take the SSAT .
Hopefully I can make it and get good marks ! !
gim me a luck & plz cross ur fingers ( everyone on Lang - 8 ) for me !
wish me luck luck & plz cross ur fingers ( everyone on Lang - 8 ) for me !

For English - language acquisition
Currently , I usually watching English movie for English - language acquisition .
Currently , I often watch English movies in order to practice English .
Currently , I usually watch English movies for English - language acquisition .
My favorite movie is as following ,
My favorite movies are as follows :
- Back to the future
- Back to the Future
- Kiki 's delivery service
- Kiki 's Delivery Service
- The holiday
- The Holiday
- Catch me if you can
. . . etc
I like SF , love romance , and action .
I like SF , romance , and action ( movies ) .
The movie which I like is a fine feeling and a feeling gentle .
The movies I like have a gentle , fine feel .
Could you tell me a wonderful movie that even an English beginner understands ?
Or Please let me know a wonderful movie also in difficult English .
Or also please let me know a wonderful movie in difficult English .
Or , Please let me know a wonderful movie that is also difficult in English .
Thanks : )

Julia and Robert
One summery night in 1998 , my husband 's Chinese subordinate gave us two turtles when we invited him to dinner .
Everytime he came to our house before , he brought us something nice and exotic from China , but that night he ran out of the souvenoirs he had brought from home .
Every time he came to our house before , he brought us something nice and exotic from China - however , he had ran out of souvenirs that he had brought from home that particular night .
So he handed out to my daughters two plastic cages , one for each , in which a little creature was making rattling noises on the pebbles .
So he handed to each of my daughters a plastic cage in which a little creature was making rattling noises on the pebbles .
I love animals but I had never cared for reptiles so much .
I loved animals but I had never fancied reptiles that much .
To my surprise , I told our guest a white lie , saying that the turtles he brought were so cute .
So as to be polite , I suprisingly told our guest a white lie - commenting that the turtles he brought were absolutely aadorable .
Years passed and they grew .
Years passed , and they grew as time flew by .
I once brought them to a vet when they got sick ( symptoms - - - no appetite and swollen eyes , treatment - - - two shots ) and spent 200 dollars .
I once brought them to a vet when they got sick . They suffered symptoms like having no appetite and swollen eyes . The treatment was two shots and it cost me 200 dollars .
I had once brought them to a vet when they fell ill ( symptoms - - - no appetite and swollen eyes , treatment - - - two shots ) and spent 200 dollars on their treatment .
Now I love them .
Now , I love them so much !
It 's so funny that love comes out of nowhere .
It 's so funny in an ironical way that love seems to appear out of nowhere .
It 's pure emotion .
It 's pure emotion towards these turtles .
My daughter has named the turtles Mai - chan and Chibi - chan , but I 'm secretly calling them Julia and Robert .
My daughter has named the turtles Mai - chan and Chibi - chan , but I 'm actually secretly calling them Julia and Robert .

What a site !
Nice to meet you .
I 'm very excited now , for I 've known this site .
I 'm very excited for finding this site .
I 'm learning English and want to improve my English .
I 'm learning English and want to improve it .
So , I have been looking for someone to correct my English .
I did n't know there is a useful website like this .
I did n't know there was a useful website like this .
I 'll make the best use of it from now .
Please help me improve my English .
Of course , I 'll help you with your Japanese .

programing is very difficult
programming is very difficult
today , I start to stady programing .
today , I start to study programming .
but Idid n't understood php .
but I did n't understand php ( ? ) .
it is very difficult .
it is very difficult .
I will get ability of programing .

Start learning English
I write diary in English for the first time .
I 'm writing a diary entry in English for the first time .
I have a purpose to study English .
It 's travel to foreign country with my father .
It 's travel to a foreign country with my father .
When I was a child , I promised my father to be able to speak English and to take him to foreign country .
When I was a child , I promised my father that I would become able to speak English and to take him to a foreign country .
I have forgotten it .
So , I study English and take him to foreign country .
So , I will study English and take him to a foreign country .

Football : the real obsession of Italian men
On monday morning if you have breakfast in an Italian bar you 'll listen comments about the result of sunday football matches .
On monday morning if you have breakfast in an Italian bar you 'll hear comments about the results of Sunday 's football matches .
In Italian championship there are 20 teams ( in Premier League ) ; the teams with the best players are : Juventus , Inter , Milan and Rome .
In the Italian championship there are 20 teams ( in Premier League ) ; the teams with the best players are : Juventus , Inter , Milan and Rome .
Every sunday the teams begin playing at 3 o ' clock p . m . , the match lasts 90 minutes .
Every Sunday the teams begin playing at 3 o ' clock p . m . , the match lasts 90 minutes .
Soon after the end , sports programs airs on tv till 7 p .
Soon after the games end , sports programs air on tv till 7 p .
In a television studio sports commentators talk about the results of each match , the behaviour of referees and players .
There are link - ups with sports journalist in each stadium , interviews to the coaches or players and images of several goals , corner kicks , free kicks , penalty kicks , expulsions , warnings and failed goals .
There are link - ups with sports journalist in each stadium , interviews with the coaches or players and images of several goals , corner kicks , free kicks , penalty kicks , expulsions , warnings and failed goals .
After prime time , other sports programs start again for those who in the afternoon did n't stay at home watching the television .
After prime time , other sports programs start again for those who did n't stay at home in the afternoon watching the television .
On monday morning after `` a day `` television commentaries there are also those of the fans !
On Monday morning after `` a day `` television commentaries there are also those of the fans !
All this it 's exaggerated for me !

100327 ( E ) The last nomad in the world .
This title is the mail title in my homepage .
Why did I decide like that ?
Why did I pick that ?
Actually I do not remember that why I chose the word .
Actually I do not remember why I chose the phrase .
But when I review my life in Australia until now ,
I would be able to call `` nomad `` to me .
I would be able to call myself a `` nomad . ``
Because I have been unable to stay one place 3 months more .
Because I have been unable to stay in one place for more than 3 months .
No , only two times .
The first one was when I lived in Penola , SA .
At that time , I did work in vineyards .
Because of that experiences , I could do the job with various skills .
Because of that experience , I could do jobs with various skills .
I do not know my schedule how long to stay here .
I do not know how long my schedule to stay here is .
Unfortunately , the rainy season was so long . . .
Although many people living in this accomodation is getting worried
Although many people living in this accommodation are getting worried
about their financial status and stressed about anything .
So am I .
A lot of environments around me would give me influences .
But whatever , it is true I usually move from one to other .
However I do not regret this life .
I can experience diversed life styles with this time in Australia .
I can experience diverse lifestyles with this time in Australia .
At least , I will exactly predict that I think I get good experiences in Austraila
At least , I will exactly predict that I think I 'll get good experience in Australia
if I am back to South Korea .
if I return to South Korea .

I wish I were him
Do you know a news that a merican guy got $ 232 million jackpot ?
Did you hear the news that an American guy won a $ 232 million jackpot ?
232 MILLION DOLLARS ! ?
I ca n't even image the amount of it !
I ca n't even imagine such an amount !
A real lucky guy !
He 's a really lucky guy !
I wish I were him .
I wish I were him .
But I worry him a bit this gigantic mone drive him crazy or make him ruin his life .
But I worry a little that this much money will drive him crazy or ruin his life .
Mass media overly report him .
The mass media reports on him excessively .
I know this is an affair get viwer attention , including me .
I know this is just to get viewers ' attention , me included .
I think they should think over again their sensation - seeking nature .
I think they should reflect on their sensation - seeking nature .
I hope people surrounding him leave him alone a little .
I hope the people surrounding him leave him alone a little .

It 's getting cold .
It 's getting cold in korea .
I like cool weather .
when I drew a deep breath I feel better .
when I draw a deep breath I feel better .
but I feel being lonley .
but I feel lonley .
but I feel lonley .
but I feel lonely .
I broke up with boyfriend few weeks ago .
I broke up with my boyfriend few weeks ago .
I broke up with my boyfriend a few weeks ago .
I still miss him .
I ca n't even see him because he live in another country .
I ca n't even see him because he lives in another country .
I ca n't even see him because he lives in another country .
and also I broke of relationship with friend .
and also , I broke off relationship with a friend .
and also I broke a relationship with a friend .
and also I broke off a relationship with a friend .
she was my bestfriend .
she was my best friend .
but she made me unpleasant and rude , I do n't wanna touch with her anymore .
but she made me feel bad , I do n't wanna get in touch with her anymore .
but she made me unpleasant and mad , I do n't wanna be in touch with her anymore .
but she was unpleasant and rude , so I do n't wanna be in touch with her anymore .
It 's really hard time for me .
It 's really a hard time for me .
It 's a really hard time for me .
however I feel relife ,
however I feel relief .
however I feel relief ,
I trying to get a job .
I 'm trying to get a job .
I 'm trying to get a job .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go to trevel alone .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go to travel alone .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go to travel alone .
I 'm gon na make money and then I 'll go traveling alone .
china , tibet , nepal , India , Thailand !
china , tibet , nepal , India , and Thailand !
I failed get a job few times , but It 's Ok .
I failed to get a job few times , but It 's Ok .
I failed to get a job few times , but It 's Ok .
I failed to get a job a few times , but It 's Ok .
I keep trying that .
I keep trying .
I keep trying .
I really wanna go to another country , as soon as possible .
I hope make new good friends ! !
I hope I make new good friends ! !

a toothache
Today , I have a toothache .
I have a toothache today .
I 'm wondering whether I shold go dental clinic or not .
I 'm wondering whether I should go to a dental clinic or not .
I hate dental clinic although I have been enough adult .

Recently , I have studied a lot of subjects .
As one subject , I have physics .
This is my favorite subject , and so interesting !
This is my favorite subject , and it is so interesting !
In my childhood , I wondered why is it that the more distances things fall , the faster they fall .
The principles are amazing !

Jigsaw puzzle
The picture you can see in my profile is a package of jigsaw puzzle .
The picture you can see in my profile the package of a jigsaw puzzle .
It 's a 1000 - piece puzzle .
I thought I could finish it in a week or so . . . . . .
I thought I could finish it in a week or so ,
But it 's very very difficult ! ! ! ! ! !
but it 's very very difficult ! ! ! ! ! !
Most of pieces are red , so all pieces look alike .
Most of the pieces are red , so all the pieces look alike .
I have n't finished it yet , for your information .
For your information , I have n't finished it yet .

About my hobbies
My hobbies are ski and judo .
My hobbies are skiing and judo .
My hobbies are skiing and judo .
I have skied since I become junior high school student .
I have skied since I became a junior high school student .
I have been skiing since I was a junior high school student .
It is very enjoyable for me .
But this cost is very incredible high ! !
But the cost is incredible high ! !
But the cost is incredibly high ! !
On the other hand , judo is a reasonable sport .
On the other hand , judo is a reasonable sport .
I have black belt .
I have a black belt .
But I am very weak .
My time boat is totally capsized .
The Earth still goes round making day and night .
But recently , I 've got no day because I awoke all night long and then slept until the sun
But recently , the day does n't exist for me because I stay awake all night long and then slept until the moon
shining right above my head .
is shining right above my head .
This is kind of weird that how hard I try , it 's getting worse and
it is kind of weird that no matter how hard I try , it 's getting worse and
worse . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It 's already eight in the morning and no need to say , I am still keeping my eyes open even
It 's already eight in the morning and no need to say , I my eyes are still open even
with a breakfast !
though it is breakfast time !
( . . . yawning )
I would creep into my bed in a few minute .
I will creep into my bed in a few minute .

Education in Spain
Why I choose today education as a subject ?
Why did I choose today education as a subject ?
Maybe because as a kindergarden finishing child 's father I 'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the next years .
Maybe because as a father whose child is finishing kindergarten I 'm concerned about what my daugther is going to be taught in the following years .
And because I realize now , when it has become my problem , that nowadays education in schools needs to face seveeral challenges to be usefull for the children an for the society .
And because I realize , now that it has become my problem , that nowadays education in schools needs to face several challenges to be useful for children and for society .
Of course I 'm not an expert , and sure I 'm going to be unaccurate and subjetive , but I 'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation .
Of course I 'm not an expert , and without doubt I 'll be inaccurate and subjetive , but I 'm going to talk about how I percieve the situation .
First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved changing the curriculum if we do n't help the teachers to adapt themselves to it .
First of all I think we must face the fact that the problems are not going to be solved by changing the curriculum if we do n't help teachers to adapt themselves to it .
For instance , we are increasing the teaching in English in primary schools with the same teachers .
I think that change needs , at least , formation programs for the teachers .

Climbing a Mountain with a Tent
This weekend I 'm going to try to climb a mountain , Mt .
Houou , with my girlfriend and her friends .
We 're going to take a tent , a sleeping bag , and so on with us so that we can sleep in the tent in the mountain .
We 're going to take a tent , a sleeping bag , and so on with us so that we can sleep in the tent on the mountain .
It 's the first time for me to stay in a tent in a mountain , so it sounds really exciting .
It 's my first time staying in a tent on a mountain , so it sounds really exciting .
By the way , `` Houou `` means Phoenix in Japan .
I do n't know why they call it Mt .
Phoenix , but it 's really beautiful .
It has an obelisk on its peak .
It has an obelisk at its peak .
I hope that I can carry those heavy staffs and enjoy climbing .
I hope that I can carry all that heavy stuff and still enjoy climbing .

where will life take you
I luv travelling and I had never travelled by myself before until I felt it was time 4 me to slip away to get some fresh air outside in April .
I love traveling and I had never traveled by myself before . I felt it was time 4 me to slip away to get some fresh air outside in April .
I surely know that it is irresponsible to disappear without saying goodbye to dad & mom .
I surely know that it is irresponsible to disappear without saying goodbye to dad & mom .
what 's more , I definitely know that I would hurt them , scare them and let them worry about me .
what 's more , I definitely knew that I would hurt them , scare them and make them worry about me .
but , at that moment , I just wanna take my ticket , searching some places to calm down and release stress .
but , at that moment , I just wanted to take my ticket , searching some places to calm down and release stress .
Lijiang , a place where I could temporarily forget the pressure , slow down the pace and enjoy myself lounging and taking pics freely and comfortably .
Lijiang , a place where I could temporarily forget the pressure , slow down the pace and enjoy myself lounging around and taking pics freely and comfortably .
the old town really gave me a shot 2 purify and borden my mind .
the old town really gave me a shot 2 purify and broaden my mind .
I made friends with strangers and now still keep in touch with them .
I made friends with strangers and now I still keep in touch with them .
30 pages diaries recorded my every happy and interesting moment there .
sometimes I 'd luv 2 review them , reminding me of those faces , the smell of sunshine and my footprints along all the trip .
sometimes I 'd luv 2 review them , reminding me of those faces , the smell of sunshine and my footprints during the trip .

I 'm Dominika and I 'm new here .
I 'm learning English in school ( 3 years ) .
I 've been learning English in school for three years .
3 years ago I was learning German ( 6 years !
Three years ago I was learning German , which I studied for six years !
And I was the best in the class ) , but now I forgot everything : < I wanna learn Finnish , but It 's very difficult .
And I was the best in the class , but now I 've forgotten everything . I wanna learn Finnish too , but it 's very difficult .
I 'm interested in other cultures , at most Japan ( and others Asian countries too ) , so when you 're Japanese , or Singaporean , or Korean , or other Asian , just write to me .
I 'm interested in other cultures , especially Japan ( and others Asian countries too ) , so if you 're Japanese , Singaporean , Korean , or other Asian , just write to me .

Today is the first day of the week .
And I go to the Badinh square to see the national flat to rise .
And I go to the Badinh square to see the national flag rise .
It is so cold , and dark .
But many people come there earlier to exercise .
But many people go there earlier to exercise .
After the dysacousia whistle , the national anthem sings strong .
After the dysacousia whistle , the national anthem is sung strongly
Everybody has a decent and dignified stand and resive silently through the sing .
Everybody has a decent and dignified stand and remain silent through the song .
when the flag is rise on the top of the flag tower is right time to finish the anthem . .
when the flag is on the top of the flag tower is the right time to finish the anthem .
Everybody come back the life .
The flag is flew on the Whiffing wind of the winter . . .

hey hey hey
Im really excited right now ! ! !
I 'm really excited right now ! ! !
I found the super interesting web site called Long - 8 .
I 've never seen this kind of site .
And I think it 's a really useful because Im sure there are lots of people who need a correction with their essay but ca n't find the way them to be corrected .
They even want their essay to be corrected .
Actually my boyfriend can correct my esaay but I dont want to ask him . . . because it 's a little bit embarrasing .
Actually my boyfriend can correct my essays but I do n't want to ask him . . . because it 's a little bit embarrassing .
So Im using this site for my English skill to improve .
So I 'm using this site to improve my English skills .
I think Ill write a blog casualy sometimes .
I think I 'll write a blog entry from time to time .
And im going to post a TOEFL writing essay as well : )
And I 'm going to post a TOEFL writing essay as well : )

My first day
This is my first diary on lang - 8 .
I am embarrased to say that I am not good at English but love to learn English .
I am embarrased to say that I am not good at English but love to learn it .
I am embarrassed to say that I am not good at English but would love to learn it .
Besides that if you want to learn japanese , I am happy to help you ,
Besides that if you want to learn Japanese , I would happy to help you ,
Well , let me cut my reduntant introduction hear and make some coments on latest news which drew my attention .
Well , let me cut my redundant introduction here and make some comments on latest news which drew my attention .
Well , let 's cut to the chase and let make some comments on latest news that drew my attention .
According to japanese TV news , 46000 people return to Japan after spending golden week in foreign country which is a collection of some national holidays .
According to Japanese TV news , some 46000 people return to Japan after spending their golden week holiday in a foreign country .
Due to thread of swine flue , so many people including nurse and airport staff check the traveler .
Due to threat of swine flu , many people including nurses and airport staff check travelers .
I saw one of those travelers who returnd from mexico complained hassle in airport .
I saw one of those travelers returning from mexico complained of the hassle at the airport .
but he should n't have gone if he complained .
but he should n't have gone if he did n't want to complain .
Remember that goverment warned against all non - essential travel in adovance and there are some people working on this case now instead of spending holiday .
Remember that goverment warned against all non - essential travel in advance and there are some people working on this case now instead of spending vacation .

Changing My Mind
Changing My Mind
We finally decided to the date for moving .
We finally decided on when we 're going to move .
We will move to another place to use three days holidays : 21 , 22 and 23 of November .
We will move to another place on three consecutiveholidays : the 21st , 22nd & nbsp ; and 23rd of November .
We will be move to another place & nbsp ; on November 21st , 22nd , and 23 which are on a 3 day holiday .
Therefore , I must pack all stuff in my house alone in twenty days .
Therefore , I must pack all thestuff in my house alone in twenty days .
Therefore , I must pack all the & nbsp ; stuff in my house alone in twenty days .
It sounds really tough for me . . . . . .
It sounds really tough and hard & nbsp ; for me . . . . . .
I guess that my daughter sometimes will help me but I do n't expect it .
I guess that my daughter will sometimes will help me but I do n't expect it .
I guess that my daughter sometimes will help me but I do n't expect her to .
In addition , if someone helps me , I will get confuse the content of boxes which I do n't pack by myself .
In addition , if someone helps me , I will get confused about the contents of theboxes which I do n't pack by myself .
If someone helps me , I will get confuse about the contents of the boxes I do n't pack .
Therefore , I want to pack them alone .
Therefore , I want to pack them alone .
I 'm sure that I must pack over 200 boxes .
I 'm sure that I must pack over 200 boxes .
Oh my gosh !
Oh my gosh ! ! ! !
In this moving , I will throw away all unnecessary things .
As we prepare to move , I will throw away all unnecessary things .
I will throw away all unnecessary things before we move
I know that there are bunch of boxes which I have n't opened yet after I moved here .
I know that there are a bunch of boxes which I have n't opened yet which I will after I moved here .
While I 've lived here , I bought a lot of things again .
While I 've lived here , I bought a lot of things .
I regret that I waste money to buy unnecessary things .
I regret the money I wasted to buy unnecessary things .
Are you the person who can throw away unnecessary things ?
Are you a person who can throw away unnecessary things ?
Are you a person who can throw away unnecessary things ?
In my case I 'm stingy and I ca n't throw away them daringly .
In my case I 'm stingy and I ca n't boldlythrow things & nbsp ; away .
In my case I 'm stingy and I ca n't throw anything away .
And I 've kept a lot of cardboard boxed which have not been opened yet in my house .
And I 've kept a lot of cardboard boxes which have not been opened yet
And I 've kept a lot of cardboard boxes which have not been opened yet in my house .
I will throw away all such boxes this time .
I will throw away all those boxes this time .
I want to change my mind and be a good house manager more .
I want to change my mind and be a better house manager .
I want to change my mind and be a Better house manager

My sweet old home
My home is very old , which had been constracted more than 35 years ago .
My home is very old . It was constructed more than thirty five years ago .
My house is very old . It was built more than 35 years ago .
But I like my home because it is very attractive !
However , I like my home because it is very attractive !
One of the reasons is how kind residents are .
One of the reasons is because of how kind the residents are .
They are frank and so kind to my little son .
Sometimes they scold him tenderly because of his innocence .
Sometimes they scold him , but it is always tenderly because of his innocence .
So I can feel that many residents watch my son and I really thank them .
So I feel that many residents watch out for my son , and I 'm really thankful .
However I have to move few weeks later !
However I have to move in a few weeks !
However I have to move in a few weeks !
The new home is not so far from here and its equipments are not old .
The new home is not so far from here and it has a more modern decor .
The new house is not so far from here , and its not as old my current house .
It must be convinient for me to live there . . .
But I have a confidence that I miss my present sweeet old home in the nearly future .
However , I have a confidence that I will miss my present sweet old home in the nearly future .

091107 ( E )
I moved into Burwood where is located in western suburb of Sydney .
I moved into Burwood , located in the western suburb of Sydney .
There are many Chinese also no chaging the city , so I could see many Chinese in here .
There are many Chinese in the city .
I just have been to some suburbs - - such as Silverwater , Strathfield , Manly - - so I have not have any informations about that .
I have been to some other suburbs such as Silverwater , and Strathfield . I do have not have any information about them .
However it was more peaceful and playful than things I think .
However , it was more peaceful .
I entered here as short - term accomondation - - it is similar to backpacker - - so I had to buy my own foods .
I entered here as short - term stay . It is similar to being a backpacker , so I had to buy my own food .
Luckily , it was near to Woolworth from my accomondation , so I bought somthing easily .
Luckily , it was near to Woolworth from my accommodation , so it was easy to buy food .
However , I just had one problem which is stragous atmosphere could not feel .
I think the reason why I lived in the city for a long time .
As a result , I became as the city person .
As a result , I became acity person .
I do not hate about it , but I do not like that too .
Actually , I am not from the city in South Korea .
When I was in South Korea , I lived in the countryside .
When I lived in South Korea , I lived in the countryside .
Anyway it would take long time to adapt myselfe to new circumtance .
It would take long time to adapt myself to this new life .
Lastly , I feel so fresh now because the atmosphere of outside is so silent and cool for me .
I feel good now because the atmosphere is silent

I drunk too much and I have a headache now .
I drank too much and now I have a headache .
But I had such a great night because I enjoyed Italian foods and drank lots .
But I had such a great night because I enjoyed eating Italian food and drinking .
I really felt like drinking and prepared for that .
I expected that I would be hammered .
I expected to be hammered .
I 've never had a headache during drinking .
I 've never had a headache while drinking .
I 'm kind of shocked because I feel I 'm a poor drinker .
I 'm kind of shocked because I believe myself to be a poor drinker .

Heavy Music .
I 'm absolutely indiscriminate when it comes to music and I can listen everything from pop to classical music .
I 'm absolutely indiscriminate when it comes to music and I can listen to everything from pop to classical music .
Actually it seems that I can live without music .
You know , I do n't walk everywhere with headphones and I have English podcasts on my iPod and not a lot of music .
Like all people of course I like live music in concerts and especially I love the live sound of an orchestra .
But I do n't go to concerts very often ( I do n't even know why ) .
More frequently I listen to music when I clean my room or in the solarium - I even dance there ha - ha .
I have already told you that my friend Zhuzha and I are absolutely different individuals and in music it is the same story - she likes rock , heavy metal and thrash metal . . .
Actually all types of heavy music .
I 'm just laughing that she is like a man .
I just laughand tease her that she is like a man .
Last spring she went to see Metallica and Megadeth in Moscow .
I went with her , but just to hang out in Moscow ( I like Metallica only with the symphony orchestra and some ballads as well ) .
I went with her , but just to hang out in Moscow ( I only like Metallica with the symphony orchestra and some ballads as well ) .
This spring she is going to go to Helsinki Finland to see Iron Maiden and she ca n't wait !
This spring she is going to go to Helsinki , Finland to see Iron Maiden and she ca n't wait !
Sometimes she gives me some ballads to listen to and as a rule I like them .
For example Tarot `` Tides `` is pretty beautiful and even the dangerous longhaired soloist is n't so terrible with his strong voice ( I want to show you this song - maybe you 'll like it too ! ) .
I should add that there is a lot of passion in heavy music and it 's pretty cool too !

My first diary in English
My first diary entry in English
I started to learn English recently .
My aim is working abroad after 5years .
My occupation is a desginer who make a promotion movie in a certain game company .
My occupation is a designer who makes a promotional movie in a certain game company .
I am a desginer ( designer ) who makes promotional movies in a particular game company .
I like reading ( foreign novels in particular ) , collecting figures and the internet .
I like reading ( foreign novels in particular ) , collecting figurines and surfing the internet .
I 'll white those things in the diary .
I 'll write about those things in the diary .
I 'll ( write ? ) those things in the diary .
My best regards .

First time come to here
First time coming here
HELLO everybody ~ ~ Very happy to come here to improve my English !
I really hope I can make many friends by means of Lang - 8 .
My English is kind of poor , because I come from a very small town , the English teacher here is amateur .
But I will try my best to learn English ! ! !
I hope everybody can help me ~
Thank you ~ ~

Happy , happy
It was typhoon last night .
There was a typhoon last night .
There was a typhoon last night .
But today , it is very funny .
But today , is very funny .
I am happy when it is fine .
Also , I could see Mt .
I could see Mt .
Fuji this morning in the southwest !
It has a lot of snow , and it looked very beautiful .
It has a lot of snow , and it look very beautiful .
It had a lot of snow , and it looked very beautiful .

My Study Hall
I 'm in a study hall .
I mean I decided to use the paid study hall that my younger brother goes .
I mean I decided to use the paid study hall that my younger brother goes to .
I mean , I decided to use the paid study hall that my younger brother goes to .
At first , I could n't access the internet by wireless LAN at the study hall .
At first , I could n't access the internet . by wireless LAN at the study hall .
But I have been able to access the internet since I had complained to a janitor of the study hall about that .
But I have been able to access it the internet since I had complained to a janitor . of the study hall about that .
But I have been able to access the internet since / after I made a complaint to the janitor .
Here is quiet and comfortable for studying and working .
Here it is quiet and comfortable for studying and working .
Hear , it is quiet and comfortable for studying and working .
I can put distance between me and every temptation and break away from the crowd , if I am in here .
I can put aside every temptations and break away from the crowd whenever I am here .
I am able to understand that my brother goes here everyday .
I am now able to understand that why my brother goes there everyday .
I am able to understand why my brother comes here everyday .
By the way , I think janitor of the study hall have nothing to do all the time .
By the way , I think the janitor of the study hall have has nothing to do all the time .
By the way , I think the janitor of this study hall has nothing to do most of the time .
I envy him and I want to run a study hall one day .
I envy him , I want to run a study hall one day .

Which is correct ?
Which one is correct ?
Wihch sentence is correct ?
which sentence is correct ?
Are you want delate ?
Do you want to delate ?

Autumn has come
I wake up in the eary morning today .
I woke up early in the morning today .
The Rain was falling down .
Cool wind blows from the window .
A cool wind / breeze was blowing through the window .
Has Autumn come ?
Has autumn come ?
I feel comfortable .
I was born in Autumn , so I like this season .
I was born in autumn , so I like this season .
I hang a picture on the wall .
When I ` m watching it , I feel nostalgia .
It ` s exist for Autumn .
It exists for autumn .

English Class Goes Online !
I took an English class yesterday .
It 's held online through live video and chat .
When I ask a question of the origin of the idiom `` cold turkey `` ,
When I asked a question about the origin of the idiom `` cold turkey `` ,
the teacher did n't know .
So he googled it , and he answered the question .
So he googled it , and then answered the question .
If more English teachers have their class online ,
If more English teachers had their classes online ,
it becomes more easy for English learners to take them .
it would become easier for English learners to take them .

I have a plan
That is a plan to help me improve my language english .
I am thinking a simple idea ,
I think it is a simple idea ,
it is when I post a new entry on my blog with language chinese .
My plan is : When I post a new entry on my blog in Chinese .
Then I also post a new entry on Lang - 8 with language english ,
Then I will also post a new entry on Lang - 8 in English ,
both of two are same content .
Both of them will have the same content .
I hope I can do it .

Athletic Festival
Last Friday it held Athletic Festival in my oldest daughter 's elementary school .
Last Friday , there was an Athletic Festival at my oldest daughter 's elementary school .
She was enjoying it and showed me excellent scene in her hoot - race .
She enjoyed it and showed me an excellent scene in her foot - race .
She was always last position in her members of three .
She was always in the last position out of the three members .
Both boy and girl in three are the delegate of relay race .
Both boys and girls in groups of three participated in the relay race .
She said that I was always last .
She said that she was always last .
Her mother told her that do n't never give up !
Her mother told her never to give up !
In this race she did n't be first but she won the girl .
In this race , she did n't get first place , but she still felt that she had won .
She gave us the best smile in the day from her goal .
She gave us her best smile at the end of the day .

A Herb 's workshop for beginner
How was your last weekend ?
I had a fruitful time on Saturday .
Let me show you some stories . . .
On Saturday , I went a workshop about Herb .
On Saturday , I went to a workshop about herbs .
Actually my close friend is Yoga teacher .
Actually a close friend is Yoga teacher .
She is interested in all of healthy life , for example Macrobiotics food
She is interested in all aspects of healthy living , including macrobiotic food .
, Herb and Ayurveda and so on .
, herbs , Ayurveda and so on .
From her influence , I have been interested in my own body and mind too .
Influenced by her , I have become interested in my own body and mind too .
The workshop 's teacher came to my friend 's studio from next prefecture !
The workshop 's teacher came to my friend 's studio from the next prefecture !
She came to here with lots of herb and some tools by her driving .
She came to here by car , bringing lots of herbs and some tools .
Though she is American , her Japanese sounds so beautiful !
She has lived in Japan for ten years . . .
I wonder if I lived somewhere foreign country , I also be a person like her .
She is like a sunflower and has a very natural attitude , positive power .
She is like a sunflower and has a very natural attitude and positive power .
I liked her soon .
I liked her immediately .
And I also thanks this meeting with her .
I thought I want to be her friend .
Today is over , I will tell you about the detail of workshop next journal .
Today is over , I will tell you about the details of the workshop in my next journal .

It 's wicked hot
Yesterday I played footsal ( kind of samll soccor ) with my friends .
Yesterday I played football ( soccer ) with my friends .
Yesterday I played futsal ( a kind of soccer ) with my friends .
We enjoyed it from 10 : 00am to 12 : 00pm .
We played from 10 : 00am to 12 : 00pm .
but it was awful hot day in Okayama Japan yesterday .
But it was an awfully hot day in Okayama Japan yesterday .
So one of our menber felt uncomfortably , and he vomited .
One of my friends felt uncomfortable , and he vomited .
So one of our members ( or teammates ) felt uncomfortable , and he vomited .
We baked in the blazing sun .
We baked in the blazing sun .
I still have pain in my skin . ohhhh
My skin is still burning .

Silly Bird .
How bird dare bully cat ?
I was also surprised at cat 's sudden pouncing on the burd !
Amazing !
How does the bird end up ?
It could be get eaten by cat .
Silly bird .

Please help me correct it or give me some ideas .
Every time when I see Jim Parsons or even hear his name , I ca n't help bursting into laugh .
Every time when I see Jim Parsons or even hear his name , I ca n't help but burst into laughter .
He is a very popular comedian and plays the role of Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory .
He is a very popular comedian and plays the role of Sheldon Cooper in The Big Bang Theory .
I like watching his show for two reasons .
I like watching his show for two reasons .
First , seeing his expressions on his face , his movements , is a real relax .
The first reason is seeing his funny facial expressions , his movements , it is a really relaxing .
Whatever the mood you are in , he can make you laugh .
Whatever the mood you are in he can make you laugh .
Just like Uncle McDonald that is just trying to make you happy .
Just like uncle McDonald who is just trying to make you happy .
Second , all his lines are well designed , not just something you forget after the show .
The second is that all his lines are well written , not just something you forget after the show .
He put his deep thoughts into a humorous way of expression , so you can always find something new and refresh in your remember of his magic smile on the stage .
He puts his deep thoughts into a humorous way of expression , so you can always find something new and refreshing , you remember his magic smile on the TV .
This is why Jim Parsons always makes me laugh .
This is why Jim Parsons always makes me laugh .

10 : 00 p . m .
I came back home now , I 'm tired today . . .
I just came back home now , I 'm tired today . . .
I had an English class from early morning , and then I had a part time job of Teaching Assistant .
I had an English class early in the morning , and then I had a part time job as a Teaching Assistant .
It was sunny in morning but suddenly rained when I have being TA ( it 's an outdoor class ) , we wet in rain . . .
It was a sunny morning but suddenly it began to rain when I was TA ( it 's an outdoor class ) , we got wet because of the rain . . .
After that , I did my research for master 's thesis until . . . . . .
After that , I did my research for my master 's thesis until . . . . . .
That 's all the things what I did today . . .
That 's all the things I did today . . .
Good night . . . .
Last Issue
Going to see the cherry blossoms .
Trip to see the cherry blossoms .
Last Weekend , My wife and I went to see the cherry blossoms in Moutain Namsan Which is famous for cherry blossoms in Seoul .
We made a gipbap lunch for a picnic .
We made a gipbap for a lunch picnic .
Gipbap is a Korean traditional picnic lunch which is made of rice , various vegetables and ham ( or grinded beef ) wrapped by dried laver .
Its appearance is very similar to California roll .
Anyway , since that morning , The weather was very dark and chilly .
Anyway , since morning , the weather was already very dark and chilly .
we wondered whether buds came into flower or not .
Then , we wondered whether buds will come into flower .
Unfortunately , There were in no blossoms in Namsan .
Unfortunately , it did not .
To make matters worse , it was chilly and dark , we had to come back home immediately .
To see full blooms of cherry blossoms in Seoul , we may wait until this weekend .
To see full blooms of cherry blossoms in Seoul , we may have to wait until this weekend .

I can do it . . .
Finally , I know that my English skills are worst level .
Finally , I know that the level of my English skills are the worst .
but I 'm happy because I got to know Lang - 8 and so many teachers ( = my new friends )
But I 'm happy because I got to know Lang - 8 and so many teachers ( = my new friends )
I will think English is fun not study . .
I will think of English as fun and not studying . .
somtimes I 'm so busy with work .
Sometimes I 'm so busy with work ,
but I will try to keep the practice
but I will try to keep practicing .
Thank you for all of you helping again . .
Thank you for all of your help again . .

My three - year - old daughter Tomo - chan often asks me to hug .
When we go to bed , she never fails to ask me to hug and take her to the bed room .
I noticed a rule that she seems to have about this hugging : when I 'm hugging her baby sister Haru - chan , she never asks me to .
I noticed a rule that she seems to have about hugging ; when I 'm hugging her baby sister , Haru - chan , she never asks me to hug .

Lang - 8 is very heavy today .
Lang - 8 is very busy today .
I 'm not sure whether they have some problems or not .
It seems not to write too much today .

I read a short paragraph about the Impressionists painters .
I reorganized it .
The following paragraph is my own writing .
Unlike previous painters , the Impressionists painters much put thier interest in representing colour and light on their work .
They began to use diverse colours to make one strong impression .
Also they prefered to draw other subjects such as landscapes , scenes of ordinary people 's life which previous painters did n't put much interest on them .
They tried to find the inpiration for thier work from their familiar surroundings .
They tried to find the inspiration for their work from their familiar surroundings .
But there were slight differences between artists ' preference .
For example , Cluade Monet was the most attracted painter by the change of light and colour .
For example , Cluade Monet was the painter most attracted by the change of light and colour .
He drew the same scenes differ in light .
He drew the same scenes in differing lighting .
His famous masterpieces were mostly landscape drawings .
But Renoir and Degas had slight different preference of choosing subjects .
But Renoir and Degas had a slightly different preference when choosing subjects .
They enjoyed to paint the people in the world .
They enjoyed painting the people of the world .
Renoir was well known for drawing portraits .
Especially , he drew his friends and families a lot .
He especially drew his friends and families a lot .
Degas is famous for ballet dancers ' paintings .
They tried to capture the movement at that time .
You can figure that out from their bushstrokes .
Now , I need to get some credit from TOEFL test .
Anyone who had done that test or preparing for that , give me some advices .
Please , I need you guys ' help

Preparing for a test
Long time no see . ~ ^ ^
It 's been ages since I wrote my daily entry , which makes me feel ashamed .
Now I , m studying for a test ( entrance ) AGAIN .
Last entrance exam was not so cool that . .
my ( or the ) Last entrance exam was not so cool
Anyway I 've always wanted to write something in English .
And planing on jotting down from time to time .
Help me do that , guys .
BYEBYE ~

My English reading skill
I took english exam on last sunday .
I took an English exam last Sunday .
Last time I took the exam was about one and half years ago .
Last time I took the exam was about one and a half years ago .
By taking same exam again , I realized my English reading skill went down . . .
By taking same exam again , I found out that my English reading skills have gone down . . .
It seems I lost sence of reading English .
It seems I lost the sense of reading English .
It is true that while I was in China studying Chinese ,
I had chance to speak English with my friends .
I had the chance to speak English with my friends .
But I never actually read any books or write sentence in English .
But I never actually read any books or wrote sentences in English .
so it is understandable why my English went down . . .
So it is understandable why my English went down . . .
In older to take back my English skills ,
In order to take back my English skills ,
I 'm going to read english book called `` Eat pray love ``
I 'm going to read the book called `` Eat pray love `` in English
thanks for your help : )
Thanks for your help : )

I like go see a movie .
I like to go see movies .
I watched a movie at movie theater at Roppongi Hills .
I watched a movie at a movie theater in Roppongi Hills .
It was the first time to
watched the movie this year .
go watch a movie this year
watch a movie this year .
I tend to too concentrate on lisning to English
I tend to too concentrate on listening to English
I tend to concentrate on listening to English
when I watch a movie .
I do n't know my English was improving after watching a movie but I hope I will be able to more listen to their English if I go see a movie .
I did n't know my English was improving after watching a movie , but I hope I will be able listen to more of their English if I go see a movie .
I do n't know if my English has improved after watching a movie but I hope I will be able to listen to more English if I go see a movie .
Did you watch a movie or did you go see a movie this year ?

World Cup !
2010 World cup will be held in South africa .
The 2010 World Cup will be held in South Africa .
And only two months are left .
and there are only two months left .
My favorite sport is soccer and I always wait for World cup .
My favorite sport is soccer and I 'm always excited about the World Cup .
My first World cup that I can remember is 1994 U .
A World cup .
At that time , Korea had a hardship to go up to next tournament ,
because our group included Spain , Germany and Bolivia that was one of the strongest team
As a result , Korea failed , but the play was so impressed on me .
2002 Korea & Japan World cup is a historical event for Korea .
The 2002 Korea & Japan World Cupwas a historical event for Korea .
Korea go to the semi - final , and ranked 4th all over the world .
The Korean teamgo to the semi - final , and was ranked 4th in the tournament .
Now , I anticipate that Korea has a great result , because we have
many good player , especially many are playing abroad .
So I will support Korea even if I ca n't sleep .
So I will support Korea even if I do n't get any sleep .

English school
English School
I went an English school in Shibuya .
I went to the English school in Shibuya .
It 's been two months since I 've been there .
It 's been two months since I started to go there .
I met my English teacher .
We met for the first time two months ago .
She had a cold .
The wether is cold recently .
The wether has been cold recently .
She 's sensitive to cold .
She has been teaching English 10 years ago .
She has been teaching English for10 years
She 's kind .
I wish I spoke English very well .
I wish I could speak English very well .

Wonka Chocolate
I like `` Charlie and the Chocolate Factory `` the movie .
I think Johnny Depp is a great actor , and the movie is incredibly fun .
I am used to go to a grocery store to buy foods and drinks .
I am used to going to a grocery store to buy food and drinks .
I found a red packed chocolate there .
I found a red package of chocolate there .
It was Wonka Chocolate .
I wondered whether I should buy or not .
I consequently made up my mind not to purchase it after a few minutes thinking .
So I am a poor man like Charlie .

My name is watako .
I 'm Japanese , in Japan .
I 'm leaning English .
I 'm learning English .
But I want to learn other languages .
For example , French , German , Finnish , and so on .

How to save on air tickets ?
Dit you ever thought how much you could save money if you have unique knowledge about the airlines which do not have other people ?
Did you ever think how much you could save if you have unique knowledge about the airlines which other people do not have ?
Now , airlines to ensure that as much as possible for us to make and it only depends on us whether we will use this service deliberately .
Quite by chance I came across on the Internet on humans , the airline employee who knows how to simply pay less . . .
Quite by chance , I came across on the Internet ( on humans ) , an airline employee who knows how to simply pay less . . .
It was a great surprise to me that such knowledge existed !
It was a great surprise to me that such knowledge existed !
I decided to check it out and bought his guides .
I decided to check it out and bought his guides .
I must tell you that I 'm still in shock , airlines are doing great business in the ordinary passengers , but not for me !
I must tell you that I 'm still in shock . Airlines are giving great discounts to the ordinary passengers , but not to me !
This guide is a real knowledge and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to save money on their flights .
This guide is a real cost saver and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to save money on their flights .

Hello , everyone .
I 've been busy for the last weeks , because of my disasterous work .
Anyway , I 'm here again !
Anyways , I 'm here again !
No more talking about work today .
I want to talk about my dream , it 's the reason I 'm working my xxx off .
I want to open a hostel + cafe .
It 's a place that welcomes people from around the world , and of couse local people as well .
It 's a place that welcomes people from around the world , and of couse , local people as well .
People who travel in Taiwan can enjoy their holidays , and enjoy some good time with local people , sharing their traveling experience or culturual differences .
People who travel in Taiwan can enjoy their holidays , and enjoy some good time with local people , sharing their traveling experience or cultural differences .
I will hire people that speak all kinds of languages , so when my guests need help , or when they are chatting with local people , they can get help anytime .
Well , that 's my dream .
I 'm working on it .
Even though I have an empty pocket now , I believe my dream will come true , soon enough : )

Tell me . . .
It 's a shame to become a victim , espacially when people do n't deem that you are hurt . . .
It 's a shame to become a victim , especially when people do n't deem that you are hurt . . .
I know it is our own responsibility to believe someone .
We ca n't blame them because of they betray our trust even we are hurt .
We ca n't blame them because if they betray our trust even we are hurt .
They have their own prejudice and desire .
But who can atone for those parts we lost ?
for those parts have been taken ?
for those parts that have been taken ?

Hi . Goog mourning everyone !
Hi . Good morning everyone !
Please send a messega to my skype !
Please send me a message on skype !
ID is ringringrang1 .
My ID is ringringrang1 .
Please teach me English !

I buy a new cell phone .
I bought a new cell phone .
My Nokia cell phone broken out yesterday finally .
My Nokia cell phone finally broke yesterday .
It has been used for almost four years .
I go to buy a new cell phone today .
I went to buy a new cell phone today .
There are so many cell phone in the phone store .
There are so many cell phones in the phone store .
I want buy the cell phone brands are Sony or Nokia .
I want buy a Sony or Nokia cell phone .
But I decided to buy the brand is [ UTEC ] B660 .
But I decided to buy the brand [ UTEC ] B660 .
Its Taiwan brand and its looks so elegance also have a big screen .
It 's a Taiwanese brand , and it looks so elegant and also has a big screen .
The most important , Its can take picture clearly .
The most important things is that it can take pictures clearly .
I have the meeting in the one junior high school today .
I had a meeting at school today .
A small beautiful church next to the school .
There was a small beautiful church next to the school .
I used my new cell phone to take picture .
How wonderful ! !

I 've finished a paper !
Today , I finished a paper on education and mailed it to the college .
I 've been studying through the distance education to get a teacher 's license .
This paper will be the last , unless it is returned to rewrote or I have some misunderstanding about the credits I need .
This paper will be the last , unless it is returned to be rewritten or if I have some misunderstanding about the credits I need .
I hope these wo n't happen .
I hope these things wo n't happen .
It is clear outside .
After the cold raining morning , it is clear and warm now .
After the cold rainy morning , it is clear and warm now .
The weather of this spring is quite strange .
We have only a winter day or an early summer day , but not a spring day .
We either have a winter day or an early summer day , but not a spring day .
When will I be able to send my coat and sweaters to the cleaner 's ?
Now , it 's time to pick up my son from nursery school .
Thanks for reading .

2011 . 10 . 01 My Diary
Nice to meet you .
It 's nice to meet you .
This is my first posting .
I try to write diary in English .
Today is my English school day .
I could n't speak English most of all .
Most of all , I ca n't speak English .
It is too bad .
It 's not very good .
I 'm very sad and frustrating .
I 'm very sad and frustrated .
Therefore , I started to write this diary .
I will write this diary at least four sentences every day .
I 'll write at least four sentences in this diary every day .
Please teach and help me .
Please help me .
Thank you .

Norwegian wood 2
I am writting about norweigan wood twice .
I am writing about Norweigan Wood for the second time .
Have you ever been to read this novel I have one question everyone .
Have you ever read this novel ? I have one question for everyone .
which is the most like calacter , For exmple watanabe , naoko , midori and reiko .
Which is the most likeable character , for example Watanabe , Naoko , Midori and Reiko ?
I am a big fun of the Haruki ` s becouse I ` d like to write this sentence .
I am a big fan of Haruki ` s because I ` d like to write like him .
If you are interested in haruki ` s please retern your comment !
If you are interested in Haruki ` s books please return your comment !

Hello everyone .
Can anyone help me I want to change one of the language I 'm learning .
Can anyone help me ? I want to change one of the language I 'm learning .
Can I actually change it ?
Where should I go ?
And if I am learning Japanese should I know how to read ?
Or there 's a translator here that translates every word ?
Or is there a translator here that translates every word ?
I can only read Japanese by using English alphabet .
I can only read Japanese by using the English alphabet .
Please correct me if my grammar is wrong .
SAVE EUGENE ! ! ! !
Please pay attention to Eugene Park 's unbelievably miserable situations .
Please pay attention to Eugene Park 's unbelievably miserable situation .
Once , he was one of the most promising violinist in the world .
Once , he was one of the most promising violinists in the world .
But now , he lost his pure motives and remarkable talent .
But now , he has lost his spirit and remarkable talent .
he even looks like a junkie .
He even looks like a junkie .
There is only one violin machine who can not play the violin passionately , happily anymore .
There is only one violin machine who can not play the violin passionately or happily anymore .
We do n't even know where he is .
His agency manager keeps lying about his condition .
Three of major Korean newpapers and some portal sites are trying to cover it up .
Three of the major Korean newpapers and some portal sites are trying to cover it up .
But we know the truth .
Many witnesses have already been testified about his weird behavior .
Many witnesses have already testified about his weird behavior .
We just wanna set him free from the extremely horrible situations .
He do n't have to be treated like that .
He does n't have to be treated like that .
So , please help him free .
So , please help free him .
Just your little attetion could save him !
Just a little attention could save him !

Not interrupt stream
Nowadays , I have enjoyed car racing video game ( GT5 / PS3 ) .
Nowadays , I enjoyplaying a car racing video game ( GT5 / PS3 ) .
I like AMG high speed driving lesson above all .
I like AMG high speed driving lessons the most .
At first , I could n't drive to my heart .
At first , I could n't drive with my heart .
Many crash had occurred .
But I tried again and again , I understood smooth car moving is very important .
Putting in other words , `` Not interrupt stream `` .
To put it in other words , `` Do n't break the flow `` .
I think this matter is not only important for video game but every thing , like sports and communications .

Flying to Hokkaido
As you know , the place is now rush of VIPs and government people from all over the world .
As you know , the place is now full of VIPs and government people from all over the world .
Today I am flying to Hokkaido to visit my client .
Hope Haneda Airport is not so much secured .

I am drinking a beer and Japanese Sake .
And I eating a Honey Roasted Peanuts .
Also , I 'm eating a Honey Roasted Peanuts .
I like it .
It was made in U .
It was made in U . S . A
And I am watching Lang - 8 on Safari .
This site is fun .

Nice to meet you
I join Lang - 8 today .
I joined Lang - 8 today .
This is the first time to write diary in English .
This is my first time writing a diary entry in English .
I studied English again .
I 'm studying English again .
I will need a lot of help .
Let 's be friends !
I hope I can find help and maybe some friends .
I hope I can find help and maybe some friends .
If you need any help in korean let me know .
If you need any help in Korean , let me know .
I can help you practice korean too .
I can help you practice Korean , too .
Nice to meet you !

Thank you letter
The Fusen Volleyball Promotive Association
Aobadainishi 3 - 14 - 2
Wakamatsu - ku
Kitakyushu - city
808 - 0143 JAPAN
March 14 , 201
Dear _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
We very much appreciate having the opportunity to meet you .
And we would like to thank you for taking the time to talk with us today .
We would like to express our appreciation for your cooperation for the promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball this time .
We would like to express our appreciation for your cooperation for promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball this time .
We appreciate your cooperation in the promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball in recent times .
Your assistance was incredibly helpful .
And also we would like to ask you to support us and cooperate in promoting Fusen Volleyball from now on too .
Additionally , we would like to ask you to please support us in the future .
Again , thank you very much from all of us .
Sincerely ,
Chairman of the Fusen Volleyball Promotive Association
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The list of gifts
We would like to present you things below to cooperate in promoting activities of Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball .
We would like to present you these things below for your cooperation in promoting Fusen ( balloon ) Volleyball activities .
City of Kitakyushu
Names of items How many
Balloons for Fusen Volleyball
Bells for Fusen Volleyball
We certainly received things above .
We received the above things .

French student
Every summer , some Friench student stay in Shiki , where I live .
Every summer , a Friench student stays in Shiki , where I live .
Every summer , there are some French students that stay in Shiki , the town where I live .
Every summer , some French students stay in Shiki , the town where I live .
Last year my family was a host family and a student stayed for two weeks .
Last year my family was a host family for a student that stayed for two weeks .
We had really good time with him , so I wanted to invite this year , but my mother said no because she knew she would be busy this summer .
We had really good time with him , so I wanted to invite him back this year , but my mother said no because she knew she would be busy this summer .
We had a really good time with him , so I wanted to invite him again this year , but my mother said no because she knew she would be busy this summer .
I was sorry that we would n't stay with a student , so I wanted to help in some ways and I asked if I could help .
I was sorry that we would n't be hosting a student , so I wanted to help in some way and I asked if I could help .
I was upset that we would n't have an exchange student this year , and I wanted to help in some way , so I asked if I could help .
I expected some job , but she said the number of the students was smaller than usual so they do n't need help .
I expected some work , but she said the number of students was smaller than usual this year , so they did n't need help .
That was a pity for me because I had been eager to meet and talk with them .
That was a disappointment for me because I had been eager to meet and talk with the new students .

I love sushi .
I went to a conveyor - belt sushi restaurant alone .
I was single because other guests were not in the restaurant .
I was by myself because no other guests were in the restaurant .
Delicious sushi made me happy !

The second day
Today is the second day , I come here .
After I modfied my first
After I edited my first
diary , I was glad of getting friend 's help , who comes from another country .
diary , I was glad to get help from friends who come from other countries .
Thank you , friend !
Thank you , everyone !
May you happy everyday !

About earthquakes
Yesterday , there was a temblor in South Spain .
There were deaths , that 's sad .
There were deaths , which is sad .
Recently earthquakes has caused damages worldwide .
Recently earthquakes have caused damages worldwide .
Recently earthquakes have caused damage worldwide .
It all makes me think that the end of our age it 's near .
It all makes me think that the end of our age is / may be near .
Mexico is a country located in a seismic zone .
The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 ( 8 . 1 Richter ) , with about 10000 deads .
The most devastating earthquake was in 1985 ( 8 . 1 Richter ) , with about 10000 casualties .
The Government hid information because they did n't want that people realized the magnitude of the event .
The Government hid information because they did n't want people to realize the magnitude of the event .
The Government also did it because they were the culprits of a lot of deads caused by the bad planning of buildings .
The Government also did it because they were to blame for most of the deaths caused by the bad planning of buildings .
This year , I have lived three or four seisms - I ca n't rememeber how many , my head is full .
This year , I have witnessed three or four tremors - I ca n't rememeber how many , my head is full .
This year , I have experienced / lived through three or four tremors - I ca n't remember how many . My memory is fuzzy .
They were of high magnitude , between 5 . 5 and 7 in Richter Scale .
They were of high magnitude , between 5 . 5 and 7 in the Richter Scale .
They were of high magnitude , between 5 . 5 and 7 on the Richter Scale .
I am worried , probably there will be a great earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city ( Mexico City ) .
I am worried that there will probably be a big earthquake in Mexico which will destroy the city ( Mexico City ) .
The city is built over a lake system , buildings wo n't resist .
The city is built over a lake system , so the buildings wo n't be able to withstand the pressure .

Until when do people restart their life ?
Up until what age do people restart their lives ?
I saw a question in a Japanese website .
I saw a question on a Japanese website .
I saw a question on a Japanese website .
`` Until when do people restart their life ? ``
`` Up until what age do people restart their lives ? ``
For instance , when you realized your occupation was not suitable for you , what would you do ?
For instance , if you realized your occupation was not suitable for you , what would you do ?
For instance , if you realize your occupation is not suitable for you , what would you do ?
If you are young , probably it 's not so difficult to go back to school and try to become whatever you want .
If you are young , it 's probably not so difficult to go back to school and try to become whatever you want .
If you are young , it 's probably not so difficult to go back to school , and try to become something else .
But for old people , it is not so easy .
I found many answers that told it was about 30 years old .
I found many answers that reckoned it was around the age 30 .
I found many answers that reckoned it was around the age of 30 .
I 'm so sad to see this answer .
I was so sad to see this answer .
30 is still kind fo very young .
30 is still kind of young .
30 is still kind of young .
I guess it may vary depending on the country they live .
I guess it may vary depending on the country the respondent lived in .
I guess the answer may depend on the country in which the respondent lives .
What do you think , old man can restart their life with full of hope ?
What do you think , can an old man restart their life filled with hope ?
What do you think , can an old man restart his life filled with hope ?
What do you think ? Could an old man can restart his life , full of hope ?
If so , how old is a limit ?
If so , what age is the limit ?

Applying for driver 's license test
Finally I got a driver 's license here in California .
It 's my first photo identification card in US .
I 'm pretty excited about it .
Since I already have a driver 's license in Japan , I felt applying for driver 's license here is not so difficult .
Since I already have a driver 's license in Japan , I felt applying for driver 's license here should n't be so difficult .
Even so , regardless of driver 's license status in overseas , everyone needs to take a paper test and behind - the - wheel test again , so I took a test at DMV .
Even so , regardless of driver 's license status overseas , everyone needs to take a paper test and a behind - the - wheel test again , so I took a test at the DMV .
At first , I went to a nearest DMV , but they turned down my application to driver 's license test since my visa status was still in an applying for extension phase .
At first , I went to the nearest DMV , but they turned down my application for driver 's license test , since my visa status was still in an extension phase .
Apart from that , since I heard some bad rumor related to the nearest DMV , I went to a second close one from my apartment .
Apart from that , since I also heard some bad rumors related to that DMV , I went tothe second nearest one from my apartment .
In the second close one , they accepted my application .
In the second one , they accepted my application .
I thought I should have been there at the first place .
I thought , maybe I should have come here in the first place .
Because some rules are different from Japan such as it 's legal to turn right on a red light here , so I studied and prepared well for both of tests .
Because some rules are different from Japan , such as , it 's legal to turn right on a red light here , so I studied and prepared well for both of tests .
The papar test was just a kind of memorization , so I took the test without feeling nervous .
However the behind - the - wheel test is different because I need to express my carefulness of driving rather in overreact way due to existence of examiner .
Also , an area of the DMV is not usual place for me .
In fact , the test course itself was simple and had no problem .
Even so , the examiner was pretty unfriendly guy , so I was bit nervous .
He was strong bald guy with sunglasses and never changed his face expression and nor smiled .
He was strong bald guy with sunglasses and never changed his facial expression or smiled .
He reminds me Terminator - I hoped he say `` No problem `` .
He reminded me of the Terminator - I hoped he would have said `` No problem `` .
I guess it was just before lunch time so he was bit hungry . : ) You know , hungry makes angry man .
hapyy ^ ^
This morning , there is good weather !
That 's good .
Today I 'm going to ride a horse , that 's cool !
I love horses

design show
Yesterday , I with my friends go to design show , there are many people , because the show to display only once in every year .
When I to go in show , I am very surprised , many products are special , I ca n't believe them can do it , I think them will spend much time and cost much money , very hard .
When I was there , I was very surprised at many special products . I ca n't believe they can make it . I think they spent much time and money to make these hard work .
I am a designer too , for the time beign , I ca n't do those products , but , I will to strive , I believe I can do it in future .
I am a designer , too . At the beginning , I ca n't do those products . But I will make more effort , I believe I can do it in the future .

I was exhausted .
I got totally tired today , because I began working in the office after a 9 - days - hoidays .
I was very tired today , because I began working in the office after a 9 - day holiday .
I 'm tired out today , because I began working in the office again after a 9 - day - holiday .
Whole the period of holidays , I sat up too late and got up too late .
For the whole holiday , I sat up too late and got up too late .
For the whole holiday , I sat up too late and got up too late .
So I must adjust my time zone .
So I must readjust to my old schedule .
By the way , in Japan , old people like to work without any specific reasons .
By the way , in Japan , old people like to work without any specific reason .
They simply think it is natural for a human being to work .
But I do n't think so .
I 'm a little lazy and do n't want to work too much .
If I had enough money to live , I would n't work .
What do you think of this in your country ?

It 's rainy today
I 'm in my office .
it 's rainy today .
It 's rainy today .
I ate a instant noodle because I did n't want to go outside to buy lunch .
I ate instant noodles because I did n't want to go out to buy lunch .
There are vending machines in my office .
I can buy some foods by these .
I can buy some food from them .
I know it 's not healthy .
But it 's convenient especially in rainy day .
But it 's convenient especially during rainy days .

Recently , I 've been repairing the roof of my house .
My house was built about 50 years ago , and the roof is made of iron plate .
So it become rusty , furthermore it 's leaking water .
So it became rusty . Furthermore it 's leaking water .
Today I scratched the paint and peeled it off .
And I robbed off the rust by sand paper .
And I rubbed off the rust with sand paper .

I and four Spanish girl went to Hyde park to picnic .
I and four Spanish girls went to Hyde park for a picnic .
One Spanish girl is leaving at London next week so I made Sushi for her .
One Spanish girl is leaving for London next week so I made Sushi for her .
She said she likes my Sushi .
She said she liked my Sushi .
We had some stuff and drink too much and smoke .
We had some stuffs , drank too much and smoke .
We enjoyed Today .
We enjoyed today .
We enjoyed the picnic today .

Music - 1
I love listening to music .
I am not sure what 's kind of music genre I like most .
My listen range is wild ( or prevailing ? ) from pop rap rock to Jazz and classic .
My listening range is wildfrom pop , rap , rock , to Jazz and classic .
Thanks for the internet .
Thanks to the internet .
Due to the abundant kinds , I will introduce them in the
Due to the abundant kinds , I will introduce them in the
following days .
First of all , we talk about Taiwan 's pop music
First of all , we will talk about Taiwan 's pop music
Here I list the famous singers in Taiwan for you
Here I will list the famous singers in Taiwan for you
First one Jay chou I will say Jay is the pop king in Asia now .
First one is Jay chou , I will say Jay is the pop king in Asia now .
He who have n't brilliant star outlooking ( pure personal idea ) get amasing composing talent .
He almost compose each song by himself in his albums and write music for bunch of Asia singers .
He almost composes each song by himself in his albums and writes music for a bunch of Asia 's singers .
His music always have good praise and great selling records .
His music always gets good praise and great selling records .
Second one Jolin Most of her music style is close to the fast dance music .
the second one is Jolin , Most of her music style is close to the fast dance music .
That one makes people joy and good spirit genre .
That one brings people joy and good spirit genre .
What is the best , almost her published albums will creat a new dance stlye and lead to the fashion among the young people .
What is the best , almost her published albums will create a new dance style and lead to the fashion among the young people .
( Jolin is ( or was ) Jays ex . )
I will introdue the rest artists next time .
I will introduce the rest of the artists next time .
( lyrics are profound for foreiger friend but melody is fantastic )

The Ataris
Do you know the band called The Ataris ?
I did n't know this band about 1 month ago .
I did n't know about this band until about 1 month ago .
My girlfriend recommended me to listen this band songs , then I came to be into this .
My girlfriend recommended that I listen this band 's songs , and then I came to be into them .
Their sound , voice and lyric are so good .
Their sound , voices and lyrics are so good .
I listen their songs everyday .
Also when I sleep .
My favorite album is `` So Long , Astoria ``
Here are two songs in this album .
Here are two songs from that album .

Golden week
Golden Week
This week has been celebrated the golden week here in japan .
The students and others as well were very happy because they have free long time of playing and going around where ever place they wanted to go .
Students , and others as well , are very happy because they have a lot of free time for play and going around to the places they wanted to go .
But if many was happy there are too which is not and that was me .
Even though many were happy there are also those who were not , and that was me .
In my fields of work do n't have the same priveledge like this .
My field of work does n't have these privileges .

teacher 's day
teachers ' day
Teacher 's Day
korea has many special days in May .
Korea has many special days in May .
Today is teacher 's day .
Today is teachers ' day .
Today is Teacher 's Day .
it lands on May 15 .
it falls on May 15th .
It falls on May 15 .
students nomally buy conations and gifts and
students nomally buy [ CROSS OUT ] conations [ / CROSS OUTcarnations and gifts and
Students normally buy carnations and gifts and
visit teacher .
visit their teachers .
visit their teachers .
I also visited math professor and philosophy professor .
I also visited my math professor and philosophy professor .
I visited my math professor and philosophy professor .
all they welcomed me ,
They both welcomed me ,
They both welcomed me ,

introduce
Please listen to my introduce ! !
Please listen to my introduction ! !
My name is yuki .
My name is Yuki .
I 'm nineteen years old .
I 'm nineteen years old . ( 19 )
I 'm second year college student .
I 'm a second year college student .
I like sports and movies .
I belonged to the soft tennis club for six years .
I have been a member of soft tennis club for six years .
Of course , I like soft tennis all of sports .
Of course , I like soft tennis the most .
You can also say `` Of course , I like soft tennis the most of all sports . ``
Not only that , I like vollyball , basketball and so on .
But , I like vollyball , basketball and so on .
You can also say `` I also like vollyball , basketball and so on . ``
But , I do n't like running .
I often go to see Japanese movies .
I often see Japanese movies .
I do n't see foreign movies at all .
I do n't watch foreign movies at all .
Please tell me something interesting movies .
My dream is working travel company .
My dream is to work in travel company .
First of all , I want to study about Japanese tourist attraction .
First of all , I want to study about Japanese tourist attractions .
Thank you for listening .
Thank you for reading .

I caught a cold
I didn ` t feel well from yesterday .
I have n't felt well since yesterday .
So , I was in bed all day .
So I stayed in bed all day .
Maybe I ` ve caught a cold .
I think I 've caught a cold .
I was very busy days recently .
I have been very busy lately .
I had a Korean ` s friend .
I have a Korean friend .
He speake Japanese very well .
He speaks Japanese very well .
I though that Korean ` s man is very cute ^ ^
I think he is very cute ^ ^
But , he is younger than me . . .
But he is younger than me . . .
And , I though .
And I thought Korean men did n't chat .
Korean man don ` t chat .
I was interested by Korean .
I am interested in Korean .
Oh , I have a runny nose . . .
Oh , I have a runny nose . . .
I have to go to bed .

Fried vegetables
I cooked fried vegetables with chicken today .
I cooked stir - fried vegetables with chicken today .
I fried chicken and season it with sweet sake .
I grilled the / some chicken and seasoned it with sweet sake .
And then , I fried vegetable together .
Then , I stir - fried it with some vegetables .
It was so delicious .
It was very happy when I can cook well .
I am very happy when I can cook well .

Let me introduse myself . .
Let me introduce myself . .
Hello ? my name is Masha / I am 18 years old .
Hello . my name is Masha I am 18 years old .
I have just finished school and I am fond of english .
I have been learning it for 14 years . . . .

Busy days . . . .
These days I am so busy . . . . .
Because I have to finish sevral reports and midterm repot for thesis .
I 'm busy because I have to finish several reports and a midterm report for my thesis .
I have to finish several reports and midterm reports for thesis .
Because I have to finish several reports and a midterm report for my thesis .
In addition I have exam . . . .
Plus , I have exams . . .
In addition I have exams . . . .
Almost I am dying . . . . .
I 'm practically dying . . .
I am almost dying . . . . .
After these busy day , I have two months Spring Vacation ! !
But after these busy days are over , I have two months of Spring vacation ! !
After these busy days , I have two months of Spring Vacation ! !
I ca n't wait .
I will work at school , but most time I am free .
I will work at school , but most of the time I will be free .
I will work at school , but most of the time I am free .
I am planing to travel , shopping , read a book what ever I want and watch films and see my friends .
I am planning to travel , shop , read whatever book I want , watch movies , and see my friends .
I am planing on traveling , going shopping , reading books whenever I want , watching films and seeing my friends .

By accident I was born as a Japanese woman . . .
By chance I was born as a Japanese woman . . .
This world is getting more and more borderless . . .
people can go abroad or communicate on the internet easily than ever .
people can go abroad or communicate on the internet more easily than ever .
However , as everyone knows , there still are so many people who are in poor lives . . .
However , as everyone knows , there still are so many people who are in extreme poverty . . .
in other words only small part of people can own personal computer and communicate with people all over the world .
In other words , only a small percentage of people can own personal computers and communicate with people all over the world .
And actually , this fact is somewhat quiet strange for me . . .
And actually , this fact is quite strange for me . . .
the difference between rich and poor is mostly based just on in which country they were born !
The difference between rich and poor is based mostly just on which country they were born in !
I was born as a Japanese but if , I had been born in a poor nation , my life would have changed completely .
I was born as a Japanese , but if I had been born in a poor nation , my life would have changed completely .
This idea always confuses me . . . haha .
But I know there is no `` if `` in human life , we ca n't nothing but live our own lives . . .
But I know there is no `` if `` in human life , we ca n't do anything but live our own lives . . .
as someone said `` dont think too much about things that cant be changed . ``
As someone said , `` Do n't think too much about things that ca n't be changed . ``

Star Trek
Captain 's on the bridge .
Oh I just ca n't help to fall in love with this fantastic world .
Oh I just ca n't help but fall in love with this fantastic world .
I living in a small island country and it seems not so many people share my enthusiasm about star trek stuff .
I live on a small island country and it seems not too many people share my enthusiasm about star trek stuff .
The lasted star trek movie is about captain Kirk and Spock .
The latest Star Trek movie is about captain Kirk and Spock .
I am so excitied about it but my friends are not interested .
There for I go and see the movie by myself .
But it 's tatolly worthy . . . . .
But it 's totally worth it . . . . .
I love Spock !

Cold weather .
The place I lived is a warm city .
The city I live in has a warm climate .
But these days the climate is getting cold rapidly .
But these days the weather is getting cold rapidly .
Many people prefer warm than cold and I consider myself the most resolute one among them .
Many people prefer being warm rather than cold and I consider myself the most resolute one among them .
In this cold days , I just want to stay at home : home and dry , was there anything better than that ?
In these cold days , I just want to stay at home : home and dry , is there anything better than that ?
Unfortunately , I got cold last night .
Unfortunately , I caught a cold last night .
Headache , nose cloged and chogh , I hate them ! ! ! !
Headache , nose clogged and cough , I hate them ! ! ! !
I must go sleep now and I hope the medicine will take effect soon .
Maybe I will be healed after a sweety dream .
Maybe I will be healed after a sweaty dream . ( recover )
air sampai
Today , I went swimming and ate an ice cream after work .
Today , I went swimming and ate ice cream after work .
Today , I went swimming and ate / had an ice cream after work .
I swam too hard so I was exhausted .
I swam too hard / too much so I was exhausted .
By the way , I found a unique website .
It 's quite fun .
It 's quite funny .
Check it out * )
Menko ' Harm of Building ' ( 1930 's )
This menko card ' Harm of Building ' is assumed printed in 1930 's .
This menko card ' Harm of Building ' is assumed to have been printed in the 1930 's .
I can distinguish printed era by qualitiy of paper , printing and themes .
I can distinguish the printed era by the quality of the paper , printing and themes .
First , it 's very difficut to find menko card printed in multi - color in 1920 's or earlier .
First , it 's very difficut to find menko cards printed in multi - color in the 1920 's or earlier .
Second , this could n't be in early 1940 's because theme nothing to do with militalies could n't be allowed during WWII .
Second , this could n't be in early 1940 's because themes that have nothing to do with the military could n't be allowed during WWII .
This could n't be in later 1940 's because quality of paper and printing of this menko card is too good for that era .
This could n't be in the later 1940 's because the quality of the paper and printing of this menko card is too good for that era .
Japan was a poor , occupied nation .
Third , the possibiilties printed in 1950 's or later ?
Third , are there possibilities that it was printed in the 1950 's or later ?
Absolutely not .
Buildings were not a icon at that time .
Buildings were not an icon at that time .
Boy loves something special in all the time .
Boys love something special in all of the times .
So , I conluded this menko ' Harm of Building ' was printed in 1930 's .
So , I conluded this menko ' Harm of Building ' was printed in the 1930 's .
In these days , kid 's ca n't have these kind of ' dystopia ' toys .
In these days , kids ca n't have these kind of ' dystopia ' toys .
That 's the reason I love menko !
That 's the reason why I love menko !

Last Sunday I went to downtown - Kwanghwamoon - with my boyfriend .
It was rainy day .
It was a rainy day .
We put up together an umbrella .
We shared an umbrella .
We had a launch in famous restaurant .
We had launch at a famous restaurant .
This restaurant is famed `` handmade knife - cut noodles `` which contained a short - necked clam and variety vagetables .
This restaurant is famous for `` handmade knife - cut noodles `` which contain short - necked clams and a variety of vegetables .
The soup tastes soooooooooo GOOD !
Then , we went to the museum - the seoul museum of history .
It was exibited a lot of relic and imformation about seoul of history .
It exhibited a lot of relics and information about seoul history .
I recommend this museum ! !
About the time when evening , we went to the ' Shinchon ' .
Around evening time , we went to the ' Shinchon ' .
' Shinchon ' is called as `` street of youth `` .
' Shinchon ' is known as the `` street of youth `` .
There are many `` youth `` people .
There are many youthful people .
We was one of them .
We were one of them .
We had a dinner .
We had dinner .
We ate a food made from flour .
We ate food made from flour .
I like this food - kimbab , instant noodle , a broiled dish of sliced rice cake .
( I upload this food picture )
We were full so took a walk .
After we were full we took a walk .
I was so happy .

Los Angeles on business
I am being in Los Angeles .
I am in Los Angeles .
Now , it is 7 : 37 am .
Now , it is 7 : 37 am .
Good morning !
Good morning everybody !
everybod .
Now There is many car on the freeway of Los Angeles .
Now , there are many cars on the freeway of Los Angeles .
Is it a commuter rush ?
I will go to Sun Francisco today .
I will go to San Francisco today .

The athletic meet in the kindergarten of my son
The athletic meeting at my son 's kidergarten is going to be hold next week .
The athletic meeting at my son 's kidergarten is going to be held next week .
He was n't took part in the event for the influenza disease last year .
He did n't take part in the event because of the influenza disease last year .
I hope he participate in the event this year .

boxing ! !
Today I meet a foreign guest , he always go shopping at morning !
Today , I met a foreign guest , he always go to shopping at morning !
SO I very inquisitive to ask he , Are you a student ?
So I very inquisitive to ask to him , are you a student ?
He says he no n't .
He said he is n't .
He comes here for Learning boxing .
He came here for Learning boxing .
that 's so cool ! ! boxing ! !
That 's so cool ! ! boxing ! !

Today is not bad , but just a little not good .
I do n't like talking with some people .
It not means I do n't like them , just I am not interested with the contents they talk about .
It does not means I dislike them , I 'm just not interested in the contents they talk about .
Hence , I feel bored , when I hand out with them .
Hence , I feel bored , when I hang out with them .
I enjoy the time when I was joining the English conversation club .
I enjoyed the time when I was in the English conversation club .
It 's really interesting ! !
It not only improves my speaking , but also absorbs some culture about the united states .
It not only improves my speaking , but also helps me absorbs some culture about the United States .
I hope it may hold everyday !
This weekend I have lots of homework to do , just like one composition , one presentation , , etc .
All of them are greatly spending time .
All of them require a great deal of time .
I also have to prepare them very carefully , because they have heavy scores ! !
Therefore , I have to do my best om my homework .
God bless me ! ! ! ! : )

Long time no see
Long time no see .
I did n't post any jounal last semester .
I did n't post any journal last semester .
Now , I 'm back .
My summer holiday will end at next Monday , so I need to go back to school .
My summer holiday will end next Monday , so I need to go back to school .

( I was very disappointed that my last diary has no comment .
( I was very disappointed that my last diary had no comments .
But I have decided to write the diary in this website .
Therefore for the time being , I would like to keep my practice to english diary )
Therefore for the time being , I would like to keep my practice to an english diary . )
Today , I would like to talk about my angry to my manager in work place .
Today , I would like to talk about my anger to my manager in work place .
I work for export and import company and I have been working in this office for 3 years .
I work for an export and import company , and I have been working in an office for 3 years .
And he has been working here around 13years .
And he has been working there around 13years .
Our company used to have members of 9 people but now we consist of only 3 members .
Our company used to have members of 9 people , but now we consist of only 3 members
( our boss , manager and me . )
I am getting notice my manager 's stupidity and he give me a realizing that I ca n't be a such a stupid person when I am a senior in the future .
I was noticing my manager 's stupidity and he gives me a lecture and says that I ca n't be such a stupid person when I am a senior in the future .
And I think , We could n't seen his ability before due to it has been covered up to other people .
And I thought we could n't see his ability before due since it had been covered up to other people .
His ability of work opened how he work from now on .
He likes to shift someone his work responsibility .
He likes to shift his work responsibility to someone else .
He ca n't decide anything and he always need to make the way of his escape from any situation .
He ca n't decide anything and he always needs to make the way of his escape from any situation .
He always pretend that I know the everything .
He always pretends that I know everything .
He used to speak the negative position even when we talking about jokes .
He used to speak negatively even when we were talking about jokes .
I am not great but his attatude is disgustting to work and I just need to talk the place to ease the stress .
I am not great but his attitude is disgustting to work with . I just need to talk to ease the stress .
Someone told that it will helps to have good english speaking skills when you fight someone .
Someone told me that it will help to have good english speaking skills when you fight someone .
Congratulations on your graduation !
Congratulations on Your Graduation !
I woke to the sound of torrential rain this morning .
It was my daughter 's high school graduation day .
I changed my clothes to attend a ceremony .
I changed my clothes to attend the ( more specific ) ceremony .
I changed my clothes to attend the ceremony .
On my way to school , the rain changed into driving snow .
On my way to school , the rain changed into driving snow .
It was unlikely that spring would soon be here .
All graduates entered high school assembly hall and they sat down their seats .
All graduates entered the high school assembly hall and they sat down in their seats .
All graduates entered the high school assembly hall and they sat down in their seats .
And then , it started .
The most impressive thing was that girl 's graduate 's message to all students .
The most impressive thing was that girl 's graduate 's message to all students .
The most impressive thing was that girl 's graduation message to all students .
Her eyes were wet with tears .
Graduate 's parents were listening her story with tears in their eyes .
The graduate 's parents were listening to her story with tears in their eyes .
She said she had belonged to volleyball club .
She said she had belonged to a volleyball club .
She said she had belonged to a volleyball club .
After her superiors had graduated from high school , she had only four members left .
She and others had not taken part of in volleyball games for six months .
She had often thought about quiting her club .
But she had shared her pain and agony with their friends and they had encouraged each other to continue their club activity until newcomers joined in .
Finally , they could take part in the volleyball game and they had experienced victories and defeats .
Finally , they could take part in the volleyball games and they experienced victories and defeats .
She had overcome it 's difficulty and made her dream come true .
I believe it 's experience was great treasure and she 'll never forget her wonderful memory for rest of her life .
I believe it 's experience was a great treasure and she 'll never forget her wonderful memory for the rest of her life .
I believe her experience was a great treasure and she 'll never forget her wonderful memory for rest of her life .
My daughter also got great treasures and memories .
My daughter also had great treasures and memories .
Congratulations to all graduates !
It was hard for you to say good - bye to your friends .
Something wonderful waits for you !

start the Lang - 8
Start Lang - 8
nice to meet you !
Nice to meet you !
I going language school in U , S , A .
I 'm going to study in a language school in U , S , A .
I 'm going to a language school in U , S , A .
but I can ` t speak English very well .
please teach me !
Please teach me !

Dear teacher
I would like to pick him up at 13 : 30 tomorrow .
Because he need to see a doctor to inject the vaccines .
thank you .
sincearely
I wrote this letter first .
Please correct .

The visa of India
An India visa
Today I applied to the consulate for a visa of India .
Today I applied to the consulate for a visa for India .
GW ( Japanese big holiday ) I am going to India ^ ^

In Changchun
I have been in Changchun serveral days .
I have been in Changchun for several days .
Changchun is cooler than Hangzhou .
I participant a summer school here .
Erveryday , I take lessons and learn a lot .

My dad and snakes
I saw an brown adult sanke died beside a big banana field .
I saw a brown adult snake which had died beside a big banana field .
Dad told me it had no poison because its head was n't triangle .
Dad told me it was not poisonous because its head was n't triangle - shaped .
That reminded me when I was a kid . . . . .
That reminded me when of when I was a kid . . .
It has been a long time since I saw snake at the first time .
It has been a long time since I first saw a snake .
I still remember when I was a elementary student , I saw a died Umbrella snake [ Bungarus multicinctus , ( Blyth ) ] .
I still remember when I was a elementary student , I saw a dead Umbrella snake [ Bungarus multicinctus , ( Blyth ) ] .
That 's my first time so close to a poisonous snake , althought it already died .
That 's the first time I was so close to a poisonous snake , although it had already died .
My dad also told me lots of his experiences about snakes .
My dad also told me lots of his experiences with snakes .
When he was a kid , he regularly to catch snakes .
When he was a kid , he used to catch snakes regularly .
If the snake is poisonous , he hit until it is died and play with it for fun .
If the snake was poisonous , he would hit until it was dead and play with it for fun .
Or he might catch a sanke without poison , killed and ate it .
Or he might catch a non - poisonous snake , kill it and eat it .
He said he caught a non - poisonous snake to school , the snake is really big , and he was caught by his teacher , and the result was he was hit severely by his teacher .
He said he brought a non - poisonous snake to school , the snake is really big . He was caught by his teacher , which resulted in him being severely beaten by his teacher .
I asked him why he did that ?
I asked him why he did that ,
He said , he was a kid of never afraid , did everything for fun .
and he said , when he was a kid he was never afraid , and did everything for fun .
But , he was a man now , and he would never do these things again .
But , he is a man now , and he would never do those things again .
When my dad studied in kindheartedness & affection elementary school , in that time , the enviroment was great without pollution , so there were lots of wild creatures such as frogs , snakes , fishes , many kinds of beautiful dragon - tail butterflies , etc .
I do n't know why that I want to sigh .
I guess that 's because I learned one thing from this experience .
I guess that 's because I learned one thing from this experience :
When people grow up , they will gradually forget their instincts or afraid of trying new things .
When people grow up , they gradually forget their instincts , or they become afraid of trying new things .

rainy season .
Rainy Season .
In Japan , rainy season finished yesterday .
Rainy season has finished yesterday in Japan .
The rainy season ended yesterday in Japan .
I often use moter cycle , and rain prevent me to drive .
I often used moter cycle , but therain has prevent me to ride .
So I do n't like rain ^ ^ ;
I am a high school student .
So I have to study English .
My English skill is poor , so please whoever contact me , if you can help my English . ( ^ _ ^ ) /
My English skills are poor , so whoever contacts me if you could please help me with my English , that 'd be great ! ( ^ _ ^ ) /

One of my favorite animes is `` Detroit metal city ``
One of my favorite animes is `` Detroit Metal City ``
Detroit metal city ( DMC ) is story about musician , Negishi .
Detroit Metal City ( DMC ) is story about a musician , Negishi .
He really want to do a kind of sweet pop music .
But after all , he 's singing in death metal band , Detroit metal city .
But after all , he 's singing in death metal band , Detroit Metal City .
He always make a complain about his band , and he is always trying to quit the band .
He always complains about his band and he is always trying to quit it , but he is the perfect death metal singer on stage .
But he is perfect death metal singer in stage .
And , DMC has wild fans .
DMC also has wild fans .
On the other hand , he 's playing his sweet pop music in street , but it is n't popular at all .
He is a kind of double faced person .
Usually he is really kind and naive guy , but when he is in DMC , he is an evil .
Usually he is a really kind and naive guy , but when he is in DMC , he is evil .
This gap make this anime funny .
This gap makes this anime funny .
I highly recommend it to you !

Friday night
Now It 's friday night in Japan !
It 's Friday night now in Japan !
I wanted to go out for drink somewhere , but I am at house .
I wanted to go out for drink somewhere , but I am still in my house .
I 'm boring !
I will watch DVD `` 2012 `` from now .
I will watch `` 2012 `` on DVD for now .
I 'm already sleepy .
But I do n't want to go to bed yet .
Because it is friday night !

Nice to meet you
The diary is written for the first time .
This diary is being written for the first time .
My best regards .
I think that I become accustomed to English on this site because it is not good at English .
I think that I will become accustomed to English on this site because it is not good at English either .
It works hard that the translation machine is not used as much as possible .
I will work hard so that the translation machine is not used as much as possible .

Please help me ~ ! ! !
Is it correct ?
I 'm Korean
Please check that sentence are correct .
Please check if these sentences are correct .
as quickly as possible
the bc in the life of the world
the bc life in the world
find your life in the world
world together bc
* bc is card name

I made Indonesian friend !
I made Indonesia friend whose name is Yeni !
I 'm glad to meet her .
She is lower height .
She is a little short .
So she is called her friends ' baby ~ ! '
So her friends call her ' baby ~ ! '
And she has big eyes , dark color hair and skinny body .
She has big eyes , dark color hair and a skinny body .
I have waited her in front of her class .
I waited for her outside of her class so
So , we could met after finishing her class .
we could met after her class was over .
And we talked about each other with sitting on bench near by there .
We talked to each other while sitting on a bench near her class .
Soon , we went her dormitoty .
After a little while , we went to her dormitory .
I could make more friends because there are many her friends .
I could make more friends because many of her friends were there also .
And she and I arrived at her room and studied Korean .
After we got to her room I helped her study Korean .
I did my best to teach her Korean .
But It is hard time to explain her questions because I ca n't speak English very well .
But it is hard to explain her questions because I ca n't speak English very well .
Besides her question is so difficult to explain in English .
Besides her question were so difficult to explain in English .
And we went basement .
Then , we went to the basement .
Surprisingly , there were a billiard table , computers , sofas , TV and health training machines .
Surprisingly , there was a billiard table , some computers , sofas , a TV and some exercise machines .
So she and I played a game for 1 hour .
The more we spend time , the more we close each other .
The more time we spent together , the closer we became .
We had a plan to go to Han - River next tueseday .
We made a plan to go to Han - River next Tueseday .

Snow and cherry blossom
Snow and cherry blossoms
We had a little snow in this early morning .
We had a little snow early this morning .
The white snow covered the ground and the track in front of our house .
There were a little cherry blossoms yet .
There were a few cherry blossoms still on the trees .
My husband wanted to take some pictures for snow and cherry blossom together .
My husband wanted to take some pictures of the snow and cherry blossoms together .
Those pictures might have been very beautiful .
Those pictures would have been very beautiful .
But the yahoo internet service prevented him from his hope realising .
But the Yahoo internet service prevented him from realizing this goal .
That service did n't work when he used his PC .
The service was n't working when he went to use his PC .
So , he had to restore it immediately .
So , he had to restore it immediately .
The snow melted soon .
Unfortunately , the snow melted before he finished .

I like listening to music .
I like listening to music .
I like foreign pop music and classical music .
I listen to music on my way to work .
I listen to music on an iPod .
My favorite singer is Madonna .
My favorite song is `` Hung Up . ``
It 's a song by Madonna .
The song has a nice melody .
When I listen to the music I like I feel energized .
In the morining when you wake up : `` Hung Up ``
In the evening when you want to relax : `` Moonlight `` by Beethoven
When you are in love : `` Sakura `` by Ketsumeishi
When you are feeling down : `` COLORS `` by Utada Hikaru
I rent 1 or 2 CDs a month .
I go to a concert once a year .
I seldom buy single CDs of Japanese pop music .
I seldom buy Japanese pop music CDs .
Music relaxes me .
Music is a universal language .
Twitter > URL
Blog > URL

The Autumn tommorow . . .
The Autumn Tomorrow . . .
I like the autumn .
I like the autumn season .
I like autumn ,
But summer like more . . .
But I like summer more . . .
I want 90 more days of sun . . .
I want 90 more days of the sun . . .

Self Introduction
Everyone .
Let me introduce myself in English today .
I am Roki .
I was a collge student and I study signal processing .
I 'd love to play piano and trumpet , but I have no time to play them recently .
I 'd love to play piano and trumpet , but I 've had no time to play them recently .
I wanna improve my English skill .
I want to improve my English .
Becasue I wanna commuticate with a lot of foreigners .
Becasue I want to communicate with a lot of foreigners .
Communication among the different culture or different country is interesting .
Communication among the different cultures and countries is interesting .
So , we can get much ideas , imformation , knowledge , and so on .
So , we can get more ideas , information , knowledge , and so on .
From now on , I hope I will grow with you .
From now on , I hope I will improve with you .
Thanks .

The black September
I watched `` Munich `` yesterday .
I 'm not history buff , so I did n't know about the black September or those terrorisms .
I 'm not a history buff , so I did n't know about the black September or those terrorisms .
In addition , I have no idea about Jews or such kind of racism neither .
In addition , I have no idea about Jews or such kind of racism either .
I wish I would have had those knowledge more , and it made me be interested in those issues .
I wish I would have had more knowledge , and it made me be interested in those issues .
I know they are so controversial and delicate .
But I do n't have any bias against Jews or Arabs .
In middle east and east Europe , these ethnic problem are still there , are n't they ?
In the Middle East and east Europe , these ethnic problems are still there , are n't they ?
I have to study about them at least before I visit there .
Well , Japan also has a lot of trouble with neighbor countries though . . .

Must And Do n't have to do
I must do a lot of homework and reports !
I must do a lot of homeworks and reports !
However , I always do what I do n't have to do ( > < )
Because they 're fascinating ! xxx
Listening to music ,
Watching TV or DVD ,
Watching TV or DVDs ,
Reading magazines ,
Shopping ,
, , , and
Eating ! haha
They make me happy from the bottom of my heart !
However , what I must do make me really happy in the future .
However , what I must do will make me very happy in the future .
If I do it , I can feel a sense of achievement .
If I can do it , I can feel a sense of accomplishment .
Almost humans want to get away of what they have to do ,
Most people want to avoid things they have to do ,
though they know that it 's important .
And they know that the more disgusting it will become , the more time passed .
I know , yes , I know , , ,
I must do what I have to do before I think `` I hate it ! `` or `` Oh , my god !
I have to do it ! ``
If I can finish it , I can have a more great time to do what I do n't have to do ( I wanna do ) than I did n't finish it .
If I can finish it , I can have a better time to do what I do n't have to do ( I wanna do ) than not finishing it .
I will think procedure for my action profoundly !
I will thought of procedure for my action profoundly !

today is Wednesday , New Year drawing near , New Year and Valentine 's Day this year , the same day .
Today is Wednesday ; New Year drawing near . This year , New Year and Valentine 's Day are on the same day .
My colleague tonight 's plane to travel , how happy , I also want to travel , but I do n't speak English and no money , oh god , why are there so many languages in the world , Do not use the same language ?
My colleague will travel by plane tonight : how happy ! I also want to travel , but I do n't speak English and I have no money . Oh god , why are there so many languages in the world ? Why do n't we all use the same language ?
My colleague plans to travel tonight , how happy ! I also want to travel , but I do n't speak English and have no money . Oh god , why are there so many languages in the world ? Why do we not all use the same language ?
: ( cheer up !
I think I can learn English well !

I love soccer !
My favourite team is Manchester United .
I like Ryan Giggs very much !
I also like Beijing Guo ' an and like Darko Matic .
I also like Beijing Guo ' an and Darko Matic .
I have four soccer scarves , Beijing Guo ' an FC , Manchester United , Birmingham FC and Beijing Baxi FC .
I have four soccer scarves : Beijing Guo ' an FC , Manchester United , Birmingham FC and Beijing Baxi FC .
But I lost Manchester United scarves in Tianjin ! ! ! ! !
But I lost my Manchester United scarves in Tianjin ! ! ! ! !
I 'm so sad !

APH is a comic about world history .
I made every country become people .
The characters ' personality is from their nationality and customs .
The characters ' personality is from ( depends on ) their nationality and customs .
The strong country are usually a man or powerful woman .
The people from strong countries are usually a man or powerful woman .
Because it made a big sympathetic responses , it becomes more and more famouse .
Like in WW1 , England is the enemy of every country .
Like in WW1 , England was the enemy of every country .
The enmity of opium with China ; The detachment with America ; Always fight with France since bigining . . .
The enmity from opium problems with China ; the detachment with America ; always fighting with France since the beginning . . .
It 's very interesting and it made you understand the history and geography of the world , a lot of different things in different country .
It 's very interesting and it makes you understand the history and geography of the world , plus a lot of other different things in different countries .
I love APH ! And Taiwan is a cute girl .
I love APH ! And Taiwan has a cute girl .
Someone who have saw that aomic , you can talk with me about it .
If you have seen this comic , you can talk with me about it .

Friend . . . .
I want to non - Japanese friends .
But I can not foreign language . . . .
but I can not speak a foreign language very well .
My English and Korean are bad .
I am sad .
Language is very very importable .
If I can speak English , Korean , Chinese , , , , , I will have a lot of friends .
If I can speak English , Korean and Chinese , I will have a lot of friends .

Roommate !
My house is a small house which used to be a garage , and just for two people .
Until last weekend , one of previous tenants had lived with me , but my friend moved into the house last Sunday ! !
Until last weekend , one of the previous tenants had lived with me , but my friend moved into the house last Sunday ! !
We started living together again because we had lived the same homestay before coming here , too : ) Living with her makes it much fun to spend the time at home * We cook , talk , or do many things together ! !
Actually , she have to go back to Japan at the end of August , but I want to enjoy a lot until then .
Actually , she has to go back to Japan at the end of August , but I want to hang out with her a lot until then .
Last weekends was busy .
Last weekend was busy .
I needed to go shopping , do landries , and visit my friend .
I needed to go shopping , do landry , and visit my friend .
My friend and I made Okonomi - yaki at her home .
It was very delicious .
I did not think I was able to eat it that is as good as ones in Japan !
I think it was better than what I 'd had in Japan !
Lately , I was thinking about my plan to stay in Vancouver .
She gave me some advices .
She gave me some advice .
If I really do what I want , I should study much harder than now .
If I really In order to do what I want , I should study much harder than now .
Maybe it is so hard that I accommplish it , though I do it .
Maybe it is very hard to accomplish it .
However , she said I might be able to do it , so I should trust me and just do everything I can ! ! !
However , she said I might be able to do it , so I should trust in myself and just do everything I can ! ! !

Today , I 'm going to write about `` Karaoke . ``
Are you familiar with Karaoke ? ( Which is better ?
Are you familiar with Karaoke ?
`` Do you know about Karaoke ? `` )
Karaoke is the place to sing songs .
Karaoke is the place whereby we can sing a song .
But , Karaoke has some means .
But karaoke has some meanings .
The word `` Karaoke `` has some meanings .
It 's too difficult to explain for me .
It 's too difficult for me to explain here .
In the place , there are many box - type rooms .
In Karaoke there are many small box - type partitioned rooms .
In there , we are sing .
We can sing in the room .
We can sing around in Karaoke .
I like to sing a song with my friends .
I like to sing with my friends .
I enjoy singing with my friends in Karaoke .
However , I 'm not good at to sing .
However , I 'm not good at singing .
However , I 'm not good at singing .
In Japan , many people like it .
Many Japanese people like it .
In Japan , many people like singing in Karaoke .
From child to senior , a lot of people go to Karaoke .
Irrespective of age , from young to old , a lot of people go to Karaoke .
In my city , there are many Karaoke shops .
There are many Karaoke shops in my city .
In my city , there are many Karaoke shops .
Karaoke machine grades the song that he sang .
Karaoke machines will grade the song for a person sang .
It is detail , but it 's good for us to enjoy singing .
I want to be good at singing very much .
I want to sing very well .
I want to improve my singing very much .
Do you like to sing a song ?
Do you like to sing ?
Do you like to sing a song too ?
Is there a place such as Karaoke in your country ?
Is there any Karaoke shop in your country ?
Thank you for reading : )

Poetic expressions
One of my aim of studying English is to have a good command of English poetic expressions .
One of my aims of studying English is to have a good grasp of English poetic expressions .
I never learned it at school because my major is science .
The expression of the science papers are basically systematic .
I would like to read an easy poem .
I prefer positive expression and short phrase .
If you know that kind of poet , please recommend to me : )
By the way , I like Tanikawa Shuntaro in Japanese poet .
By the way , I like Tanikawa Shuntaro in Japanese poetry .
`` Morning Relay `` is my favorite one .
I 'll translate it in next diary !
( I know it already have a good translation but I will do it by myself . )
( I know there already is a good translation but I will make a translation myself . )

I 've been learning hula for ten months though I 've never been to Hawaii .
I 've been learning hula for ten months , although I 've never been to Hawaii .
A Japanese movie named ' Hula girl ' inspired me very much .
When I joined the lesson first time , it was very tough . . .
When I attended the first lesson , I found it was very tough . . .
Because I have to almost always be in a half - crouching position .
Because I had to stay in a half - crouching position most of the time .
Anyway , I 've been addicted to it and I 've been practicing very hard for the success of the rollout because it will be held on August 312008 .
Anyway , I 've been addicted to it ever since and I 've been practicing very hard for the success of the rollout because it will be held on August 312008 .
I do n't have any confidence yet , but I wanna do my best .

family issues
My brother offered me to cook for him on daily basis ( usually I do this only when he comes home from work , tired ) .
He also thinks that I can help him work by . . . carrying his supplies ( and they are goddamn heavy ) .
Ah , isn ` t he cute ? > _ <

Eating too much
Yesterday , I ate too much for lunch .
So I ate a little for dinner .
However , while I was sitting up late , I ate too much .
However , while I was sitting up late , I ate too much ( again ) .
( I ate two cups of rice and two toasts with choclates .
( I ate two cups of rice and two pieces of toast with chocolates .
And I drunk cafe ore . ) And I ate too much for lunch today . . .
And I drank a cafe au lait . ) And I ate too much for lunch today . . .
I went to ramen shop with my friend , who is 2 years older than me .
I went to a ramen shop with my friend , who is 2 years older than me .
And , in Japan , older one often pays for both of two .
And , in Japan , older friends often pay for both meals .
And fortunatelly he paid for me .
We ate Tsukemen .
And it was huge .
Noodle weighted 350g .
The noodles ( alone ) weighed 350g .
It was pretty yammy anyway .
It was pretty yummy anyway .
I like it .
However its huge .
Actually I felt throwing up a little .
So my stomach has been killed a couple of times in these 2 days .
So my stomach has been killed a couple of times the past 2 days .
ah . . . please get tough xD

cover letter for architecture design office
XXX XXX suggested that I write to you regarding a position at your studio .
Perhaps you are looking for Japanese talented architects with over three years of progressive and experience in architecture school .
Perhaps you are looking for talented Japanese architects with over three years experience in architecture school .
I am pursuing urban renewal techniques and landscape architectures , and now I interested in the algorithmic design .
I am pursuing urban renewal techniques and landscape architectures , and I have a keen interest in algorithmic design .
My intention and experience provided me broad unique vision for the new architecture field in China .
My intention and experience provided me with a broad and unique vision for the new architectural field in China .
I graduated from Tokyo University of the Arts with Bachelor degree in architecture and I am studying in Master degree now .
I graduated from Tokyo University of the Arts with Bachelor degree in architecture and I am pursuing a Master degree now .
I learned various designing skills and aesthetics in the university .
So I possess a strong skill of visual expression .
I possess a strong skill of visual expression .
I was absent from school for one year in 2007 , I instead I worked full - time in the office of Professor Akira Kuryu ( Chiba Univ . ) in one year period .
In 2007 , I had the opportunity to work full - time in the office of Professor Akira Kuryu ( Chiba University . ) for one year .
I experienced teamwork and learned various building design processes and landscape designs .
This experience provided me with valuable abilities of the general building design processes .
This experience provided me with valuable skills of the general building design processes .
Additionally , in the Jun Aoki office , I operated Rhinoceros and have made various progress in different projects such as assembling natural collages , and operating 3D fundamental forms with command in CAD .
Additionally , in the Jun Aoki office , I operated Rhinoceros and was involved in different projects such as assembling natural collages , and operating 3D fundamental forms on CAD software .
I can use technical knowledge with the foundation of skills to quickly adapt to new technologies .
I have both technical knowledge and a good foundation of skills to quickly adapt to new technologies .
For instance , since I had known the usage of machinery in advance , I taught my colleagues how to use it .
For instance , since I was familiar with the usage of machinery , I taught my colleagues how to use it .
From these work experiences , I realized the importance of the fundamental skills and teamwork are necessary for architecture projects , which helped me a lot for the next job in this field .
From these work experiences , I realized fundamental skills and good teamwork are important factors in the success of architecture projects , which helped me a lot for the next job in this field .
I have strong communication skills to collaborate with teams and I am also able to be assertive .
I have strong communication skills to collaborate with teams and I am also confident in my skills .
My ability to deliberate about given problems has allowed me to consistently achieve goals .
My ability to deliberate solutions for problems has allowed me to consistently achieve goals .
For instance , at the Professor Kuryu 's office , when we designed the public hall , the government and we researched the opinion of local residents .
For instance , at the Professor Kuryu 's office , when we designed the public hall , we worked with the government to find out the opinion of local residents .
The opinion was divided at first .
I added up these opinions analytically and integrated my proposal into the final report .
I analysed these opinions and integrated them in my proposal of the final report .
This was agreed upon all members and we could accomplish this project with my proposal .
This was agreed upon by all members and we could accomplish this project by following my proposal .
I am certain that my experiences and abilities , which are resulted in my web page , would contribute to your projects .
I am certain that my experiences and abilities , which are listed in my web page , would contribute to your projects .
Please let me know if you are interested and able to make a time for a meeting .
Thank you in advance for your time and consideration .
Sincerely ,

FUJI ROCK FESTIVAL 2010
This weekend , I will go to Niigata for FUJI ROCK FESTIVAL 2010 .
This weekend , I will go to Niigata for the FUJI ROCK FESTIVAL 2010 .
I 'm looking forward to listening to the various bands playing ,
especially Atoms for Peace that is Tom Yorke 's new group .
I 'm too excited to work .

Be honest
I asked my friend today , if it is possible that I will get a good mark in English speaking examination , because I actually like to speak in English very much and I also enjoy to do so .
I asked my friend today if it is possible I will get a good mark on my English speaking examination . I actually like to speak in English very much .
However , she was so serious and she said to me , I will never get one of the best mark because I make so many mistakes during the English conversations .
However , she was very serious when she told to me I will never get one of the best marks , because I make so many mistakes during English conversations .
Then , I had to ask for myself , whether it is a good thing to be honest at all because her honest answer hurted me so much , even it is the fact what it is .
Then I had to ask for myself whether it is a good thing to be honest at all , because her honest answer hurt me so much .
I know already lying is not a good thing , however , we sometimes need to lie which is called ' a white lie ' to comfort somebody else .
I know that lying is not a good thing . However , sometimes we need to tell a ' white lie ' , which is meant to comfort somebody else .
On the other hand , I was very happy that she gave me a real tip so I can consider this aspect more carefully .
Being honest is very difficult as well , but she trusted me to say it because she concerns me so much and honestly .
Being honest is very difficult as well , but she felt confident to tell me , because she has real concern for my well - being .
So , I am very grateful that she said to me something honestly , so I can see my problem more objectively .
I am very grateful that she responded honestly . Now I can view my problem more objectively .

The First Writing
Nice to meet you !
I write a diary for the first time .
I am writing a diary for the first time .
I have been studying English because I want to learn it and to speak many people .
I have been studying English because I want to speak with many different people .
My friends told me this site is good so I write : )
My friends told me this site is good : )
Reading books
There are several reasons reading books is good .
There are several reasons why reading books is good .
First of all , you can learn many things from books .
There are much information in it .
There are alot of information we can get from books .
For example , science , literature , grobal , language , and so on .
For example , science , literature , global , language , and so on .
In addition , you can improve your emotion .
In addition , you can broaden your perspective .
The more you read books , the more your emotion are improve .
The more you read books , the more your communication skills can improve . .
Finally , if you read many books , you can communicate with someone who read the same book .
I advise you to go a book store or the library and buy some books : )
That 's all .
Thank you .

canker sore
I have a canker sore right now .
It hurts ! !
Yesterday , I went to sleep at 12 .
I do n't have the reason . . .
I do n't have a reason for doing so . . .
I hope it will get better .

# 8 - - Facebook
Hi everyone ,
Do you have your facebook account ?
Do you have a facebook account ?
Do you have a facebook account ?
In fact , I got my face book account a bit ago .
In fact , I got my facebook account a while ago .
I think I 'm gon na update my facebook .
I think I 'm gon na update my facebook page .
( Today I uploaded Mt .
( Today , I uploaded Mt .
Fuji pictures )
If you interested in it , let you access and friend request : )
If you are interested in it , I will let you access and accept your friend request : )
If you are interested in it , I will allow you access and accept your friend request : )
Free vacation
Time really does fly on vacation .
I 'm doing nothing except surfing the internet .
I do n't want to go outside , it 's really cold now . .
and I 'm easily catch colds .
and I easily catch colds .
Anyway , I hope to know what is the best way to write essay in English well .
Watching drama series and movies have been the most helpful ever . ( ? ) Recently I 'm enjoying ' Desperate Housewives ' season 6 .
What I was surprised is the directors of the drama are gays even though it 's main characters are all women acting houswives .
What I was surprised about is that the directors of the drama are gay even though it 's main characters are all women acting as housewives .
I 've thought that must be made by woman directors , anyway it 's awesome .
I thought it was made by female directors , but anyway it 's awesome .
There is a boy named Andrew in this drama .
He is immature , rebellious to his mother , and he is gay .
Then I guess the directors have reflected their own experiences and imaginary to the Andrew .
As considering the stories and mood of desperate housewives , the drama is fit to women .
considering the stories and mood of desperate housewives , the drama is fit to women .
* it 's nice to give any advice to me and fix it please . : )
I 'd like to use better expressions and right words .
I 'd like to use better expressions and correct words .

How many languages have you studied ?
Today , I wanna think of studying foreign languages .
Today , I wanna talk about studying foreign languages .
How many languages have you studied ?
As for me , 3 languages - English , Korean , French .
I think English is common language in the world these days so many people in the world study it .
Students in public school have been studied English from 7grade in Japan .
Students in public schools have studied English since 7th grade in Japan .
But the laws are changed and study it from 1grade these days .
I was interested in Korean when I was junior high school student , and I study it by myself using textbooks I bought at bookstore .
( but my korean is not good , still beginner level . )
( But my Korean is not good , I ' mstill a beginner level . )
Most Japanese college let their students study foreign language expect English .
Most Japanese colleges let their students study any foreign language except English .
( Of course English is a compulsory subject .
We have to take other languages class . )
We have to take other language classes . )
There are generally German , French , Chinese , Spanish , and so on .
I wanted to study Korean at my college but unfortunately my college does n't offer Korean class , so I took French class .
I wanted to study Korean at my college . But unfortunately , my college does n't offer Korean classes , so I took French .
Actually I do n't like study French because I 'm not so interested in France from the outset and I took it against my will because I had to choose one from my college 's offer .
Actually , I do n't like to study French because I 'm not very interested in France to begin with . I took it against my will because I had to choose one my college offered .
It 's not good to study , is n't it ?
I 'm not fluent all languages but I 'm interested in other languages .
I 'm not fluent in any languages , but I 'm interested in other languages
Have you ever had this feeling like me ?
Have you ever had this feeling too ? ( sounds more natural )
My mom said it 's not good for me and she suggested me I should study other language before I master one .
My mom said it 's not good for me , and she suggested that I should study other languages before I master one .
( It 's hard to explain in correct grammar . .
Do you understand what I want to say ? )
I agree with my mom indeed , but how do I deal with my desires .
I indeed agree with my mom , but how do I deal with my desires ?
How do you think about this issue ?
What do you think about this issue ?
Then how many language can you speak ?
Thanks for reading my journal .
If you are okay , please answer my questions .
If you are okay with it , please answer my questions .

Subjunctive Mood .
Subjunctive mood is difficult for me .
Especially the tense which is used in the sentences is very difficult .
Yesterday , I had an English lesson .
Then I saw a subjunctive mood sentence .
It had used `` were `` .
Probably , almost Japanese students are taught that sometimes `` were `` is used to subjunctive mood .
Probably , most Japanese students are taught that sometimes `` were `` is used for the subjunctive mood .
For example ,
If I were rich , I could buy whatever I want .
If I were rich , I could buy whatever I wanted .
However my teacher told me that almost American do n't use it .
However my teacher told me that most Americans do n't use it .
I think that all language is changeable every minute but I 'm confused .
I think that all languages are changeable every minute but I 'm confused .
Do you use `` were `` to subjunctive mood ?
Do you use `` were `` for the subjunctive mood ?
Would you please tell me your opinion ?

examination
The examination is close , but I have not prepared well for it ,
I hate examination .
I hate examinations .

Can you skipping rope ?
When I was a chird , I was very well it .
When I was a child , I was very good at it .
But I can not it now .
But I can not do it now .
My body is heavy .
After school chirdren practice it every day .
After school , children practice it every day .
They are very well .
They are very good .

I played badminton today .
I was very tired .
I should give oneself strength more .
I should give myself more strength .
I need more strenghth .

hello , I 'm new member .
Hello , I 'm a new member on lang 8 .
I want to study enghlish so I want to make friend with eryone .
I want to study English so I want to make friends with everyone .

Digital eye
Today I went to eye clinic for checking my eyes .
Today I went to the eye clinic for a check up
Today I went to see the oculist
Last day , I was operated on my shortsighted eyes .
Yesterday , I had an operation because of my shortsighted eyes .
, Yesterday I took an operation on my myopia .
My power of vision increased 2 . 0 from 0 . 1 , it 's incredible !
My quality of vision has increased from 0 . 1 to 2 . 0 - it 's incredible !
View from train was very clear just like photograph taken by digital camera .
The view from the train was very clear , just like photograph taken by a digital camera .
Everything see through from the window in the MRT just like the high resolution picture took by a digital camera .
I was surprised by recent medical technology .
I was surprised by the recent improvements in medical technology .
I am very impressive by the modern medical technology
Goodbye my glasses , thanks for so many years .
Goodbye my glasses , thanks for all these years .
Goodbye my glasses , thanks for so many years accompany with me

The Spiderwick Chronicles ( movie )
I watched `` The Spiderwick Chronicles `` on DVD today .
I wanted to watch a fantasy like `` Harry Potter `` yesterday , but the movie I watched yesterday was a dark fantasy and it had a little heavy theme .
I wanted to watch a fun fantasy like `` Harry Potter `` yesterday but instead I watched a dark fantasy with a heavy theme .
Today 's movie is really good .
The movie I watched today was really good .
This is fantasy ! !
The special effects were amazing .
It had a lot of elements adventure , thrill , cute creatures , and so on .
It had a lot of elements like adventure , thrills , cute creatures , and so on .
Freddie Highmore plays two roles as twin brothers .
I thought the twins were played by two person .
I thought the twins were played by two persons .
They had absolutely different characters .
They were completely different characters .
His performance in this film was great !
I really enjoyed the movie !

Hi Lang - 8ters ! !
I would like to introduce my self .
I would like to introduce myself .
My name is Taro Abe .
I ` m half Japanese and half Indonesian .
I am highly interested in movies , games , music , manga , and etc .
If you guys have anything to ask about Japanese culture , don ` t be shy to ask me a question .
I will never care if it ` s a stupid or a serious question , that is because I ` m totally a broadminded person , and I ` m free to look at peoples mistakes at Japanese .
Oh ! , and of course please correct my Uploads to make it look like a mature sentence .
Cheers ! !

I watched moovies .
I watched some movies .
Today was my holiday .
Today was a holiday .
So I went to moovie theater to watch moovie .
So , I went to the movie theater to watch some movies .
I watched two moovies because today is first day that we can watch moovie only 1000yen .
I watched two movies ; because , today is first day that we can watch movies for only 1000 yen .
We usualy have to pay abut 2000 yen .
We usually have to pay about 2000 yen .
I watched Japanese moovies `` my derling is foreingner ' ' and `` Nodame cantarbire ' ' Those were funny and impressed .
I watched the Japanese movies `` My Darling is a Foreigner ' ' and `` Nodame cantarbire . ' ' Those movies were funny and impressive .
`` Nodame cantabire ' ' is one of my favorite .
`` Nodame cantabire ' ' is one of my favorite movies .
Theme is music .
It 's theme is music
and stage is Paris .
and setting is in Paris .
If you are interested in it , please watch it .
Irecommend it .
I recommend it .

I think all of you have already heard about the Brazilian carnival .
I think all of you have already heard of the Brazilian Carnival .
It is the most anticipated holiday here once during four days in February people nationwide are invited to celebrate joy according to their local culture .
This highly anticipated holiday , celebrated for four days in February , invites people throughout the nation to celebrate according to their local culture .
Rio de Janeiro is internationally known for its `` escolas de samba `` .
They are organized artistic groups that prepare performances to be presented in great parades , and there Brazilians as well as tourists delight in the mesmerizing dance and music .
They are organized artistic groups that prepare performances to be presented in great parades . At the parades Brazilians , as well as , tourists delight in the mesmerizing dance and music .
However , there are those who do n't appreciate the party and prefer lighter activities such as relaxing at the beach or in the countryside .
Others choose to draw close to God through religious gatherings in which the silence is welcomed as a way to get in contact with the innermost .
Whatever choice may be , the carnival is a time to recharge the batteries in order to face the year ahead .
Whatever you choose , Carnival is a time to recharge your batteries in order to face the year ahead .

Is it possible to understand other people 's pain ?
Is it possible to understand other people 's pain ?
I think we can imagine other people 's pain to use our past experience .
I think we can imagine other people 's pain because of our past experiences .
For example , we know that it 's painful when a ball hit to my body fastly .
For example , we know that it 's painful when a ball hits to my body quickly .
Because we learn that by experiencing that actually .
Because we learn that by experiencing that .
So when a ball hit other people 's body , I can imagine that painful .
So when a ball hits other people 's body , I can imagine that it is painful .
But I can only imagine that .
But I can only imagine that .
A ball do n't hit to my body .
A ball did n't hit my body .
A ball hitting other people 's body is not my experience .
A ball hitting other people 's body is not my experience .
So I ca n't understand .
So I ca n't understand .
How do you answer to this question ?
How do you answer this question ?

06 - 29 - 2011
It is a garbage collection day this morning .
The garbage was collected this morning .
Today 's garbage are bottles , cans , and nonburnable .
I brought a bag of garbage to a garbage station .
It is my job in my family .
Tomorrow is a burnable garbage day .

I feel hopeless ! ! ! !
I feel hopeless ! ! ! !
it 's been a week now , no one , on one , is willing to corrct my essay , I 'm so sad .
It 's been a week now , no one , no one , is willing to correct my essay , I 'm so sad .
God help me out ! ! !

rough day
Some of my friends seem to be having bad days .
When I got to my class building , one of my American best friends was crying .
When I got to my class building , one of my best friends in America was crying .
I asked what 's wrong with her , and then she told me that she just got a text from her mom about her grandma passed away .
I asked what 's wrong with her , and then she told me that she just got a text from her mom saying that her grandma passed away .
I did n't know what am I supposed to say to her .
I did n't know what was I supposed to say to her .
I did n't know what I was supposed to say to her .
I did n't know what I was supposed to say to her .
I just said `` I 'm sorry `` over and over .
I did n't come up with any words which can make her feel better .
I did n't come up with any words that could make her feel better .
I could n't come up with any words to make her feel better .
After the class over , I got a call from my Japanese friend .
After the class was over , I got a call from my Japanese friend .
She sounded really upset .
Her boy friend who started dating only 3 days ago dumped her .
Her boy friend who she started dating only 3 days ago dumped her .
Her boyfriend who she started dating only 3 days ago dumped her .
I did n't know what to say again .
Probably saying nothing and listening her talk were best way to make her feel better .
Probably saying nothing and listening to her talk was the best way to make her feel better .
I felt really sorry for them .
It is sometimes really hard for me to think of what I should say when my friends are having hard time .
It is sometimes really hard for me to think of what I should say when my friends are having a hard time .

Definition
The other day I looked up the word ' mediocre ' and found this example :
' It 's hard to admit that we 're middling , or even mediocre . '
Then I also looked up ' middling ' and could n't really see a difference between the definitions of the two .
Then I also looked up ' middling ' and could n't really see a difference between the two definitions
In the sentence , ' mediocre ' comes after ' even ' so it seems that ' middling ' is inferior to ' mediocre ' .
Is this right ?
One more question !
Would it sound natural if I used them in daily conversations ?
Or are they rather used in written English ?

My first lesson
Today was my first lesson in English conversation .
It was very interesting !
I leaned how to use `` how , what , where and when `` .
I was laughed class mate .
I was laughed class mate . My classmate laughed at me
Because I said `` Who am I ? `` .

I 'm a little nervous .
I 'm going to join English lesson program from tomorrow .
During the lesson , You do n't speak Japanese .
In fact , I ca n't speak English .
I have n't such a experience until now .
so the first , I was confused to join this program .
But I decided to choose to action than keep confusing in myself .
But I decided to act rather than keep confusing myself .
When this program finished , I hope that my English is more good .

Today I went to shopping with my mother and brother .
Today I went shopping with my mother and brother .
We had a nice day .
She came back after some months , she work in another city and visit us one time each two or three months .
My mother had come back after some months . She works in another city and visits us once every two or three months .
We are in Winter , and my brother did n't take his coat because in the morning it was sunny .
It is winter here , and my brother did n't take his coat because that morning it was sunny .
At five o ' clock in the afternoon he started to feel cold .
He should had bring up his coat .
He should have taken his coat .

Please correct my story ~
It 's a happening when my childhood .
It 's took place one day during my childhood .
When a student of middle school , Though I had seen my friend 's father once in the bus , I ca n't recognize him .
When I was a student in middle school , Though I had seen my friend 's father once in the bus , but I could n't recognize him .
so I do n't bow to him .
So I did n't bow to him .
A few days later my friend who is daughter of him that I saw in the bus a few days ago ask me that why you did n't bow to the my father ?
A few days later my friend who is a daughter of the man that I saw in the bus asked me why I did n't bow to her father ?
I wondering said I 've never seen your father .
I was wondering I said `` I 've never seen your father `` .
and she was answer
' My father said to saw you in the bus on that day .
`` My father said he saw you in the bus on that day . `` she replied
- to be continued - : D
I wish to your attention ~
I wish for your attention ~

There was a cherry blossom tree in bloom
My friend came to my home to have a chat yesterday .
We were supposed to meet at 11 a . m but she was late .
She text me she would be late .
She sent me a text to say that she would be late .
So I went shopping before she came .
We made an appoitment to meet up in front of her flat .
On our way home , there was a cherry blossom tree in bloom .
There were lots of cherry blossom trees on the park street but the only one in full bloom .
It was so beautiful .

Restarting
I want to restart this diary today .
Since I have to make some progress in the writing skill of English .
Since I have to make some progress in my English writing skills .
Yesterday , I bought a new jacket at online .
Yesterday , I bought a new jacket online .
It was quite cheep .
It was quite cheap .
So , I worried about the quality until it delivered on this morning .
So , I worried about the quality until it was delivered this morning .
It was not so miserable .
I 'm content with a good shopping and the amazing fast delivery .
Thank you .

Cloudy morning .
It 's cloudy in sapporo , it seems to begin to rain .
It 's cloudy in Sapporo , it seems it will begin to rain .
I like summer rain .
Its smell , its atomosphere .
It makes me be into somehow nostalgic feelings .
It 's somehow nostalgic .

`` You too `` or `` Me too `` ?
When someone said to you `` Nice to see you again , `` what do you reply ?
When someone says to you `` Nice to see you again , `` what do you reply ?
When someone says to you `` Nice to see you again , `` what do you reply ?
`` You too `` or `` Me too `` ?
( I would appreciate it if you would correct any mistakes or strange expressions , if there are any . )

Nice to meet you .
My name is Katsunari , Katsunari Arai .
I am university student .
I am a university student .
Age is 19 .
My age is 19 .
I play ice hockey .
My position is GK .
I want to speak English , becouse my dream is working fireign country .
I want to speak English , because my dream is to work in a foreign country .
please help me with my English .
Please help me with my English .
Give me your advise .
Give me your advice .

college life
My biggest problem in college is that I get exhausted because I have a lot of things to do .
My biggest problem with college is that I get exhausted because I have a lot of things to do .
I heard that college life is free and easy , but in reality it is not .
I have many classes in the first period , so I have to get up and go to college early .
It is hard for me .
I have a lot of tasks , so I do it right after coming home and have to study till late at night .
Moreover , I am in the baseball club and work after college , so I get tired physically .
In this life cycle , my fatigue accumulates day by day .
With this kind of life style , my fatigue accumulates day by day .
In conclusion , I will take a rest in this summer vacation , and recover my vigor .
In conclusion , I will take a rest during my summer vacation , and recover my vigor .

my excel level
I usually use excel by work ,
I usually use excel at work ,
but my excel level is very poor , too . . .
but my excel level is very poor too . . .
I have a lot of must study ! !

I have tried to write about sports , family , and movie .
I have tried to write about sports , my family , and movies .
I have no idea to write the above topics .
I have no idea what to write about these topics .
Although , I have to submit it in this evening .
However , I have to submit it in this evening .
I still can not finish it yet .
I think what I write about the topics are not good , such as rubbish like my lecturer said .
I think what I write about ( the topics ) is not good . My lecturer said it was rubbish .
What should I do to make a good writing ?
What should I do to write well ?

Self introduction
I 'm is Boy I 'm 21 , I 'm from to Chinaese .
I 'm a boy , I 'm 21 , and I 'm from China .
I 'm a programmer .
Want to know some friends in this !
I want to make some friends with this !
I would like to make some friends here .

Today , after finishing work , I went to a dentist and had my teeth cleaned .
It has been about 4 months since I did it the last time .
It has been about 4 months since my last checkup .
The dentist told me that I do n't have cavities as ever .
The dentist told me that I do n't have any cavities as yet .
I sometimes forget or fail to brush my teeth , but I have had no cavities since I began to go there and get removed my tartar on a regular basis .
I sometimes forget or fail to brush my teeth , but fortunately I have had no cavities since I began going there and I get my tartar removed on a regular basis .
The dentist and assistants always managed to find a way of relaxing children .
The dentist and assistants always manageto find a way to relax children .
For example , they put a TV in front of the patient 's chair and play the DVD of ' Tom & Jerry ' while the child is examined .
For example , they put a TV in front of the patient 's chair and play the DVD of ' Tom & Jerry ' while the child is ( being ) examined .
I 'm afraid that the parents confuse Tom 's shriek with their child 's .
I 'm afraid that the parents confuse Tom 's shriek with their child 's . lol !

Ambulance
I heard an ambulance siren and the siren stoped it soon .
I heard an ambulance siren , but the siren stopped soon .
I thought something happened near my house .
I went outside and saw the ambulance stoped at the condominium near here .
I went outside and saw the ambulance stopped at the condominium near here .
I went outside and saw an ambulance stopping at the condominium near here .
After a while , ( maybe in 20 minutes ) , I went outside and noticed the ambulance was still there .
After a while , ( maybe in 20 minutes ) , I went outside again and noticed the ambulance was still there .
I wonder why the ambulance did n't go to hospital immediately .
According to the neighborhood , they could n't find the hospital that accept the patient .
The doctors are badly off in our civilian hospital .
This is a serious problem .

Learning a foreign language was one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experiences of my life .
Learning a foreign language is one of the most difficult yet most rewarding experiences of my life .
I mean English .
But recently , I found that language sense
So since I entered university , I have always beening listening real voice
So since I entered university , I have always been listening to real English voices to improve it .
of English to improve it .
The Penguins of Madagascar is my favorite cartoon , and I learn alot from it .
The Penguins of Madagascar is my favorite cartoon , and I learned a lot from it .

my task at work was finished this year and cleaned up around
my task at work was finished this year and so I cleaned up around
my task at work was finished this year and so I cleaned up around
my desk and etc .
so I was so tired .
I was so tired .
I was so tired .
I like my work better than cleaning .

What do you do to relax ?
I went for wedding work on suterday .
I was doing some wedding - related work suterday .
There were 5 couples wedding .
There were 5 different couples getting married .
I was very
tired and had a headache .
so I had a medicine and slept early .
I took some medicine and slept early .
Then I went to Shiga for helping choral socaiety 's regular concert yesterday .
Then , yesterday I went to Shiga to help out with a choral society 's regular concert .
I made an announcement .
I felt a little tense when I read a congratulatory messege .
I felt a little tense when I read the congratulatory messege .
it worked !
since I was busy 2 days , I went to `` sento `` today !
since I was busy 2 days , I went to a `` sento `` ( Public bath ) today !
I feel so relax .
I feel so relaxed .
I think `` sento `` is nice culture .
I think `` sento `` is a nice part of Japanese culture .
What do you do to relax ?

I return to my home .
I returned to my home .
I goes to Thailand 6 days ago and I arrived on South Korea yesterday .
I went to Thailand 6 days ago and I arrived in South Korea yesterday .
Thailand weather was very hot and sticky .
when I arrived Thailand , I could not breath because Thai 's temperature was over 40C but I had precious time in Thailand .
When I arrived in Thailand , I could not breath because the temperature was over 40C , but I had a precious time in Thailand .
I could feel that Thai people are very kind and they have a positive mind .
I could feel that Thai people are very kind and have a positive mind .
there are very beautiful place and many delicious food which is very economical .
There were several beautiful places and many delicious foods , which were very economical .
sometimes I got into a ' Tuk Tuk ' which is Thai 's transportation .
Sometimes I got into a ' Tuk Tuk ' , which is a Thai transportation .
It joggles heavy but very fun and Thai 's McDonald mascot motion is different from other country .
It shook heavily , but it was very fun . The Thai 's McDonald mascot had a different pose from other countries .
I had a chance to go to Snor Keling and I could watch beautiful tropical fishes and corals .
I had a great time from Thailand and I never forget for Thailand travel .
I had a great time in Thailand and I will never forget my trip .
I attach the photo in Thailand and all photo were taken by my film camera ( Konica pop ) .
I attached the photos of Thailand , which were taken by my film camera ( Konica pop ) .
Do you believe a reincarnation ?
Do you believe in reincarnation ?
Do you believe in reincarnation ?
I will tell you about my mother 's funny story today .
She is one of the person who believe a reincarnation .
She is one person who believes in reincarnation .
She is one of the people who believe I n reincarnation .
When I was a child , I lived with a little dog .
It was a white dog and my mother loved it so much .
It was a white dog , and my mother loved it so much .
However , it was 8 years old , it got sick .
However , when it was 8 years old , it got sick .
However , when it was 8 years old , it got sick .
She was worried about it and took care of it very hard , but it died .
She was worried about it and took care of it a lot , but it died .
Of course all of us felt sad and cried , because we loved it so much .
Of course , all of us felt sad and cried , because we loved it so much .
My mother especially felt too sad and she said to the dog 's dead body `` If you will be able to reborn , you should be a human 's baby next time . ``
My mother especially felt so sad that she said to the dog 's dead body `` If you will be able to be reborn , you should be a human 's baby next time . ``
My mother especially felt too sad and she said to the dog 's dead body `` If you will be able to be reborn , you should be a human 's baby next time . ``
After 20 years later , I gave birth my daughter and my mother was very glad about that .
After 20 years later , I gave birth . my daughter and my mother was very glad about that .
20 years later , I gave birth to my daughter , and my mother was very glad about that .
When my daughter was three old years , my mother suddenly showed her a bowl .
And she asked my daughter `` Do you remember this ? ``
And she asked my daughter , `` Do you remember this ? ``
When I looked at it , I was too shocked because it was the bowl which our dog had used before .
When I looked at it , I was so shocked because it was the bowl which our dog had used before .
Of course my daughter was upset and could n't understand what she meant .
Of course , my daughter was upset , and could n't understand what she meant .
Therefore she started to explain about the bowl `` It was the bowl which you were my dog before , I have wanted to meet you as a human being for a long time .
Therefore she started to explain about the bowl `` It was the bowl which you used when were my dog . I have wanted to meet you as a human being for a long time .
Do n't you remember me ?
and Do n't you remember that bowl ? ``
Do n't you remember that bowl ? ``
My daughter answered `` I do n't remember well .
My daughter answered `` I do n't remember well .
I do n't know about the bowl . ``
When she heard my daughter 's answer , she seemed to be disappoint .
When she heard my daughter 's answer , she seemed to be disappointed .
When she heard my daughter 's answer , she seemed to be disappointed .
I realized that my mother loved our dog from bottom of her heart and she had believed that she could meet it again .

hospitalstay
I woke up earler than usual today .
I ca n't get to the bottom of it .
Yet , waking up early is n't so bad .
It 's fine today and there are no clouds in the blue sky .
When I was in Okinawa , I could see the clouds different .
When I was in Okinawa , I could see the clouds differently .
They looked like raised in the sky .
They looked like they were raised in the sky .
Especially at night , they were ethereal .
The sparse raised clouds in the sky amplified the uncanny atmospher with twinkling stars .
The sparsely raised clouds in the sky amplified the uncanny atmosphere with twinkling stars .
It seems like to me that nature was defferent from those of big cities such as Tokyo .
It seems to me that nature there was different from that of big cities such as Tokyo .
Of course , Okinawa is not urbane .
Therefore our eyes were naturally riveted on the indigenous nature .
Therefore our eyes were naturally riveted on its indigenous nature .
The ruthless sunbeam ripened the fruits .
Even after soaking in the sea , the sunbeam promptly evaporated our soggy wears .
Even after soaking in the sea , the sunbeam promptly evaporated the water from our soggy clothes .
And its original culture enriched harmony between human and nature .
And its original culture enriches harmony between human and nature .
Okinawa has some remote isles aroud it .
Okinawa has some remote isles around it .
And I found myself to look at a carriage towed by a water buffallo at one of the isles .
And I found myself looking at a carriage towed by a water buffalo at one of the isles .
A man on the carriage was playing a instramental unique to okinawa with singing Okinawa songs .
A man on the carriage was playing music unique to Okinawa , which is commonly sung in Okinawa songs .

Hi everybody ! ! !
I have just maken a decision to participate in international exchange .
I have just mademy mind to participate in international exchange .
I would like to travel and work in America next summer .
I know my spoken english is not well that 's why I 'm on here : ) will be great to find somebody who knows english very well and wants to learn russian .
I know my spoken english is not well , so that 's why I 'm here : ) It will be great to find somebody who knows english very well and wants to learn russian .
We would be useful each other ! : )

February is too short .
Tomorrow is March .
I will have to attend two graduation ceremonies this week .

Social trends
I think that social trends in Japan seem to be getting worse .
For example , the number of the heinous crimes like homicides has been increasing and it 's been getting more difficult to get a job recently .
For example , the number of the heinous crimes like homicides has been increasing , and it 's been getting / becoming more difficult to get a job recently .
Not to mention , economic crisis is still continuing , which led to many bankruptcies .
Not to mention , the economic crisis is still continuing , which has led to many bankruptcies .
In my opinion , one of the worst social trends is that some parents do n't take care of their children .
There are even several abuses by a parent .
There are even several cases of abuse by a parent .
In other words , they tend not to be responsible for their children .
One of the reasons is the fact that more mothers get to go to work now than before .
One of the reasons is the fact that more mothers need to go to work now than before . See note .
That 's why they do n't have enough time to look after their children .
So , many children are n't sure how to relate to their parents .
As a result , they have difficulty developing a good relationship with their friends .
In the future , I 'm sure human relations will be weaker than now .
In the future , I 'm sure human relations will be weaker than they are now .
In the future , I 'm sure human relations will be weaker than they are now .
Whatever should I do to make social trends better ?

The earthquake in Japan
The gigantic earthquake has struck Tohoku district in Japan yesterday .
A gigantic earthquake struck Tohoku district in Japan yesterday .
I did n't felt it at where I 'm living .
I did n't feel it at where I 'm living .
I did n't feel it where I 'm living .
At first , I could n't believe what I was sawing on TV .
At first , I could n't believe what I was seeing on TV .
Tsunami was sweeping out countless cars and houses .
The tsunami was sweeping out countless cars and houses .
Although I have some relatives in Tohoku district , I ca n't get touch with them .
Although I have some relatives in Tohoku district , I ca n't get in touch with them .
I 'm very worried about their conditions .

20 years old
Many of member of my class will become 20 years old .
Many members of my class will turn 20 years old soon .
If we become 20 years old , we can drink alcohol and smoke in Japan .
When we become 20 years old , we can drink alcohol and smoke in Japan .
my friends wants to drink alcohol .
But I do n't want to drink it .

Emergency phrases
Sometimes I 'm confusing and I ca n't manage to reply questions in English .
Sometimes I 'm confusing and I ca n't manage to reply to questions in English .
Sometimes I 'm confused and I ca n't manage to reply questions in English .
Sometimes when I 'm confusing , I ca n't manage to reply to questions in English .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose right words .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose the right words .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose the right words .
Sometimes I ca n't follow the questions , sometimes I ca n't choose the right words .
Could you tell me what phrases are useful for this situation ?
Emergency phrases I can use are :
Well . . .
Let me see . . .
Could you tell me what . . . means ?
I ca n't follow you .
Could you please repeat that again ?

Yotaro ( Sitcom )
The rain poured suddenly .
The old master living in this house thought , `` Beacuse of this sudden rain , many people will come to borrow umbrellas . ``
The old master living in this house thought , `` Because of this sudden rain , many people will come to borrow umbrellas . ``
He called Yotaro and said to him , `` When I 'm in front of the house , I ca n't help lending umbrellas as a master .
But if I lend umbrellas one after another , however many I may have I ca n't have enough .
But if I lend umbrellas one after another , however many I may have , it wo n't be enough .
So you receive visitors and refuse to lend ones . `` And he went into a room .
So you receive visitors and refuse to lend umbrellas to them . `` And he went into a room .
Then Tokusuke , who lived in the next town , ran in and said , `` Could you please lend an umbrella . ``
Tokusuke , who lived in the next town , ran in and said , `` Could you please lend an umbrella ? ``
Yotaro answered straight , `` If I lend umbrellas whenever I am asked , however many I may have I ca n't have enough .
Yotaro answered straight , `` If I lend umbrellas whenever I am asked , however many I may have , it wo n't be enough .
I wo n't lend you .
I wo n't lend you one .
Go home ! `` and drove him back .
The old master heard him and said , `` No , Yotaro !
You are too unfriendly .
Be more polite .
For example , say ' I have umbrellas but their bones and skin fell apart .
I have them on the corner of the shelf . `` Understand ? ``
I have them on the corner of the shelf . ' Understand ? ``
`` Yes , sir . `` said Yotaro .
After a while , the man living in the next door came in and said , `` I 'm troubled as there are many mice in my house recently .
Please lend your cat . ``
Please lend me your cat . ``
Then Yotaro answered , `` It 's an easy task , but the cat 's bones and skin fell apart and I have it on the corner of the shelf . ``
The man was amazed to hear him , and went home .
The man was surprised to hear this , and went home .
The old master heard him and came up again .
He said , `` That 's your trouble .
In that case you must say ' The cat scatters dung recently , so I have it bound to the storeroom in the backyard . ' DO YOU UNDERSTAND ? ``
After a while again , the master living on the street came in and said , `` Excuse me .
After another short while , the master living on the street came in and said , `` Excuse me .
I have things to talk with your master . ``
I have things to discuss with your master . ``
Then Yotaro said enthusiastically , `` Yes .
But the master scatters dung recently , so I have him bound to the storeroom in the backyard .
I 'm very sorry I ca n't help you . ``

Hello , everybody !
I 'm so excited and also nevouse today , because this is the first time to lod on Lang - 8 , and why I 'm nevouse is that my English is not very good , I ca n't speak with a foreigner even speak with my classmates .
I 'm so excited and also nervous today , because this is the first time that I logged on to Lang - 8 , and that is why I 'm nervous . My English is not very good I ca n't speak with a foreigner and I ca n't even speak with my classmates .
The purpuse I apply for this account is that I want to improvemy English and I want to make more friends with people from all over the world .
The purpose of applying for this account is because I want to improve my English and I want to make more friends with people from all over the world .
I know there are many diffirences between the eastern and the western culcure , I also want to learn about it .
I know there are many differences between the eastern and the western culture . I also want to learn about it .
So , I hope you can help me , and I 'll be very happy if I can be you friends .
So , I hope you can help me , and I 'll be very happy if I can be your friend .
Ah , I like humman b - box very much , if some one who has the same hobby as I have , we can communicat with each other .
Ah . I like humman b - box very much . If someone who has the same hobby as I have , we can communicate with each other .
I am very thankful to Lang - 8 giving us a communicaton platform .
I am very thankful to Lang - 8 for giving us a communicaton platform .
It 's so great !

Is he dead or alive ?
Are they dead or alive ?
Osama bin laden
Osama bin Laden
Kim Jong - il
As far as I guess , 1 . is still alive , 2 . is already dead or hopefully died .
What do you think ?

Start Studying English Again
Long time no update .
Things have been hectic and I was lazy . . .
I started my new English class this month .
I 'm taking night classes after work at public school .
I 'm taking night classes after work in a public school .
Course hours are Monday through Thursday , 6 : 45 - 9 p . m . and will last until the end of March .
For now , I enrolled it for this 3 months .
For now , I enrolled for the next three months .
After this session , I 'll consider whether I should keep up the class or not .
After this session , I 'll consider whether I should keep up with the class or not .
The class is OK so far , it 's not difficult .
The class is OK so far ; it 's not difficult .
To be honest , it 's a little easy for me and there are many students than I thought .
It would be ideal if the fewer students are .
You know , small - group discussion is very beneficial .
But I 'm going to try to enjoy myself as much as possible anyway !

Divine word
I went to temple today wtih my friend , Dora .
I went to a temple today with my friend , Dora .
And both of us got the divine word , which were really bad .
Both of us got really bad fortunes .
Although I told to her that `` Just forget about it , it does n't matter `` .
Although I told her `` Just forget about it , it does n't matter `` ,
I think deep inside my heart . .
I am still quite superstitious . > <
I ask about both love and study .
I asked about both love and study ,
And the divine word said that `` Do n't go forward . . .
and the fortune said `` Do n't go forward . . .
bla bla bla `` > <
That 's really aukward .
That 's really awkward .

I ca n't hate my cousin no matter what happens
I ca n't hate my cousin no matter what happens .
There are a lot of stories about my cousin .
As you know , I have been living in Australia for 15 months .
a few months ago I got an idea that how about bring my cousin here .
A few months ago , I got an idea about how to bring my cousin here .
He was selling clothes in Korea .
He stopped his work and came to Australia because I called him .
I just thought if he came here it would be good for him .
you know , Speaking English is also important in korea .
You know , speaking English is also important in Korea .
actually we do n't speak English in our country .
Actually , we do n't speak English in our country .
but , when we try to get a job , we will be in a test about English .
But , when we try to get a job , we will be tested in English .
So if I want to be greater than now , I have to learn it .
anyway , when he just came here he had n't got his car so he used to burrow my car .
Anyway , when he first came here he had n't got his own car , so he used to borrow my car .
sometimes he wanted to drive my car when we go somewhere together .
Sometimes he wanted to drive my car when we went somewhere together .
the problem was he was suck at driving .
he nearly killed me three times .
He nearly killed me three times .
for example , we were on the highway he was driving 110km .
For example , when we were on the highway , he was driving at 110km .
but he did n't watch in front of the car he was interested in some cows which are out of the highway .
But he did n't watch the road , as he was interested in some cows which were on the side of the highway .
and he crossed the middle line .
He crossed the middle line .
at that time a car was coming from opposite lane .
At that time , a car was coming in the opposite lane .
but , he did n't know that til I screamed out .
But , he did n't know that until I screamed out .
it was too dangerous .
It was too dangerous .
there are even more stories I can say .
There are even more stories I can tell .
I think I already said to much .
I think I have already said too much .
we will talk about this later again
We will talk about this again later .

Middle daughter
Our middle daughter was crying when she fell asleep yesterday .
Our middle daughter was crying when we tried to put her in bed yesterday .
She said `` I do n't like to sleep alone ! `` .
My wife or I need to take care of our youngest daughter , so she sometimes has to sleep alone .
Either my wife or I need to take care of our youngest daughter , so she sometimes has to sleep alone .
When she was crying , I just finished putting our youngest daughter to sleep , so I could come to her and take care of her .
While she was crying , I just finished putting our youngest daughter to bed then I took care of her .
I decided that we will sleep with her in the same room .
I think she 's too young to sleep with our eldest daughter .

I have a seminar today !
I will present a solution for a problem in a text !
I will present a solution for a problem in the textbook !
But the problem is difficult for me !
However , the problem is difficult for me !
Because this text is almost always used for who is in master course and more .
I have to try my best .
Because I will write a paper in math for graduation thesis and master 's thesis .
If I can and have a extra time , I want to write it in English !
Now I worry about what I want to do in my future , so I am depressed and concentrate on studying !
Recently , I 've been worriedabout what I want to do in my future , so I am depressed and have been just concentrating on studying !
My present worry is what kind of jobs is suitable for me .
My present worry is about what kind of jobs are suitable for me .
I noticed recently that I do n't like studying alone , so researcher and professor seems unsuitable for me .
I noticed recently that I do n't like studying alone , so being a researcher or professor seems unsuitable for me .
So I will work in a big name maker and make a planing for new product .
So I will work in a big name maker ( large company ? ) and make plans for new products .
Or I will work in a bank because I have a skill for math and maybe use it .
Or maybe I will work in a bank because I have a skill for math and could use it .
However I have much time for decision , so I have to do what I have to do now .
However I have much time to make a decision , so I have focus what I have to do now .
Time is running !
Time is running out !
So I try my best to do what I can do now !
So I will try my best to do what I can do now !

Practise and practise !
I am a student in university . I am 21 . I want to practise my English .
I am a unviersity student . I am 21 years old . I want to practice my English .
So anyone who wants to learn Chinese or can help me in my English level may add ICQ number 437346934 or msn merny _ ting @ hotmail . com . Thanks ~
So anyone who wants to learn Chinese or can help me in my English may add ICQ number 437346934 or my MSN merny _ ting @ hotmail . com . Thanks ~

I want to debate about facebook .
Becouse I have concern it recently .
Almost all Peoples said `` It 's very useful and exquisite ! ``
Almost all People said `` It 's very useful and exquisite ! ``
On the contrary , some people do n't like it .
So I will exert to understand it .
So I will exert effort in order to understand it .
My fasebook lifeoriginated me from today .
My fasebook journey starts today .

Why people attend to college or university
In my opinion , attending college can not only increase our knowledge , but also improve our survival experience .
I 'll be a colledge student after this summer holiday , which make me excited , full of proud and hopeful .
I 'll be a college student after this summer holiday , which make me excited , full of pride and hopeful / hope .
Absolutely , college life is a career preparation .
College life is also preparation for future careers .
When you are in university you can learn how to comunicate with others , orgernize a activity to promote the friendship among the students .
Although there are somebody think that attend to college just finish what their parents hope and get the diploma , I think waste the time in college to play computer and so on is not a smart idea .
Although there are people who attend college just to fulfill their parents ' wish and get the diploma , I think that wasting time in college to play computer and so on is not a smart idea .
Learning and practicing the skill which we need in the future is the most essential things
Learning and practicing the skills which we will need in the future is essential
What we think of our future should be planned and take shape in the college .
All of us wanna have a happiness life and a favourite career with high income , so most of us want to attend to college to realize our dream .
All of us wanna have a happy life and a good career with high income , so most of us want to attend to college to realize our dream .
Therefore we should grasp every second in the college .
Therefore we should grasp every second in college .

Thank you so much , Friends from Japan
First , I 'm sorry my poor English .
First , I 'm sorry for my poor English .
As you know Japan had the huge earthquake .
We have been gave huge support many countries .
We have been given huge support by many countries .
I would like to say thanks for friends in the world .
Thank you so much for your huge support ! !
Thank you so much for your praying ! !
Thank you so much for your warm - hearted ! !
Thank you so much for your warm - heartedness ! !
Thank you so much ! ! ! ! ! !
We do not never give up ! !
I love you , Friends ! !
I love you , friends ! !
Fortunately I did n't meet huge shaking .
Fortunately I did n't feel the huge shaking .
Do n't worry , I 'm fine .

Keep ~ ! ! ! keep ~ ~ ! ! !
Keep going ~ ! ! ! Keep going ~ ~ ! ! !
Where there is will , there is a way !
Where there is a will , there is a way !
From now on , I decide to remeber some English vocabulary everyday .
From now on , I 've decided to memorize some English words every day .
I think the vocabulary is the base of English .
I think that vocabulary is the base of English .

London 29
I had been studied English at school in Japan since I was in a junior - high school till university , otherwise I ca n't speak English fluently .
I had been studying English at school in Japan since I was in junior - high school until now , in university , but I still ca n't speak English fluently .
I have studied English at school in Japan since I was in a junior - high school till university , but I ca n't speak English fluently .
It has been said Japanese education 's serious problem for a long time , and it was made by English teachers .
It has been said that Japanese education 's serious problem for a long time , and it was made by English teachers .
Because most of Japanese school 's English teachers ca n't speak English fluently , so they ca n't teach English like a native speaker .
Because most of Japanese school 's English teachers ca n't speak English fluently , they ca n't teach English like a native speaker .
Because most of Japanese school 's English teachers ca n't speak English fluently , they ca n't teach English like a native speaker .
Of course they has a good skill for teaching , but I think the most important aspect of English education is how to make a communication , because language is tool communication .
Of course they have good teaching skill , but I think the most important aspect of English education is how to communicate , because language is tool communication .
Of course they have a good skill for teaching , but I think the most important aspect of English education is how to communicate , because language is tool of communication .
Even though Japanese students have been studying English for 6 or 10 years is school , they ca n't make a good relationship between foreigners for the sake of lack of speaking skill .
Even though Japanese students have been studying English for 6 or 10 years is school , they ca n't form good relationships with foreigners for the lack of speaking skill .
Japanese government have encouraged to improve English teacher 's training for decade .
The Japanese government has been encouraged to improve English teacher 's training for decade .
Japanese government has encouraged the improvement of English teacher 's training for a decade .
The ministry of education have been trying to employ foreigner English teacher instead of Japanese teachers for raise a English education 's quality , otherwise it was hardly function in Japan .
The ministry of education have been trying to employ foreigner English teachers instead of Japanese teachers for raise a English education 's quality , otherwise it was hardly functional in Japan .
The ministry of education has been trying to employ foreign English teachers instead of Japanese teachers to raise English education 's quality , otherwise it was hardly function in Japan .

nobody knows ; - (
I go to beauty salaon to change hair color .
I went to the beauty salon to change my hair color .
my hair became bright and I like my new color .
My hair became bright and I like my new color .
but every my friend , even my familiy
But all my friends , even my family
did n't notice my hair color is changed .
Oh my god . . .
I do part time job at supermarket .
I have a part time job at a supermarket .
yesterday , I got a high salary than I thought .
Yesterday , I got a higher salary than I expected .
it makes me happy but I want to earn more money .
It makes me happy but I want to earn more money .
I want to travel Australia to see my friend .
I want to travel to Australia to see my friend .
I want to go abroad !
I want to go abroad !
CU * : )

a muscle ache
I have a muscle ache since I went 10km jogging yesterday .
I have a muscle ache since I went on a 10km jog yesterday .
I should n't have tried to overdo : - (
I should n't have tried overdoing it : - (

I live in Tokyo .
Yesterday 's weather is cloud and snow .
Yesterday 's weather was cloudy and snowy .
I went to cafe with my frend .
I went to a cafe with my frend .
I eat dericious cake and drink tea .
I ate a delicious cake and drank tea .
I like sweets .
My dream is to eat a lot of famous sweets .

Her remarks
S Secretary of State Clinton visited Japan .
S Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited Japan lately .
When I was watching the piece of news , I noticed a certain thing .
While I was watching the news piece , I noticed a certain thing .
It was that her speaking was clear and easy to catch .
I know , of course , she seemed to try to speak clearly and slowly so the audience could comprehend what she meant or wanted to say . . .
I know , of course , that she was trying to speak clearly and slowly so the audience could comprehend what she meant or wanted to say . . .
To improve listening skill , her speaking may be a good substitutive text book .
Her speech may be a good substitute for a text book to improve our listening skills
To improve my listening skills , her speeches may be a good substitute for a text book .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
As for `` To improve listening skill , her speaking may be a good substitutive text book . `` , does it sound unnatural ?
`` Her speaking may be helpful for English learners to improve their listening skills `` ( Is it much better ? )

Today is my birthday !
This is the third time I 've written : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I became 21 ! uu . . .
I am no longer young . . .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and a message card for me .
The card said to keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good day .
Touched !
What a good friend she is ! !
I swear to myself that I will also make her happy in her birthday as well .
original - - - - - - - - - - - - -
4
This is the third time writing : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I became 21 age !
This is the third time I 've writen : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I am 21 !
This is the third time I 've writen : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I am 21 !
This is the third time I 've written : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I 'm 21 ! ( minor change )
This is the third time writing : ) As the title says , today is my birthday and I became 21 years old !
I am no longer young . . .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and message card for me .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and a message card for me .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and a message card for me .
Anyway , my friend gave me pieces of cake and message for me .
The card said that keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good days .
The card said that keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good day .
The card said to keep good friendship between us and she hopes I will have a good days .
Touched !
What a good friend she is ! !
I swear myself that I will also make her happy in her birthday .
I swear to myself that I will also make her happy in her birthday as well .

I 've live in Tokyo since for a long time .
I 've lived in Tokyo for a long time .
I have a question , if you go to Tokyo , where would you recommend to go ?
I have a question , if you went to Tokyo , where would you recommend to go ?
I live in Tokyo but I do n't know where good places are .
Thank you ^ ^

I 'm very tired and sleepy cuz I slept only 3hours last night .
I 'm very tired and sleepy cuz I only slept 3hours last night .
I always sleep 9hours a day so this is very short for me .
I just finished class and next lesson will start after 4hours .
I just finished class and the next lesson will start in 4hours .
until the class start I may sleep but I have to study traffic rules to pass the exam . . . . .
I may sleep until the class starts but I have to study traffic rules to pass the exam . . . . .
recently there are no change in my life .
recently there has n't been any change in my life .
I want to go drinking , play dancing , tennis and many other thing .
I want to go drinking , dancing , play tennis and many other things .
next month I will work at Kanagawa prefectture so I have to move my location from Shizuoka prefecture to Kanagawa prefecture to work .
moving my location is troublesome for me .
moving is troublesome for me .
but it seems fun to live the place where I 've never been to .
but it seems fun to live in a place where I 've never been .
anyway I have many things to have to do .
anyway , I have many things I have to do .
first of all I try to go to bed .
first of all I will try to go to bed .

today . . .
Today was extremly nice day .
Today was an extremely nice day .
Today was a very nice day .
sunshine and weather likes spring .
There was sunshine and the weather was like spring .
There was a sunshine and the weather was like in spring .
I really want to hang out with my friends but I did n't .
I really wanted to hang out with my friends but I didn ' t
Because of yesterday during play baseball in my baseball team ,
Because yesterday when I was playing baseball with my baseball team ,
Because yesterday when I was playing baseball with my baseball team ,
I hit my face against other side team player .
I hit my face against the other team 's player .
I hit my face against another team player 's face .
I was really hurt .
I was really hurt ,
and I get a black eyes .
and I got a black eye .
I did n't want to show my face another peoples .
I did n't want to show my face to other people .
So I was study English and watching `` LOST `` ( American Drama ) in my home .
So I was studyig English and watching `` LOST `` ( American Drama ) in my home .
So I was studying English and watching `` LOST `` ( American Drama ) at the same time in my home .
Then I did `` YOGA `` with my mom
Despite I did n't hang out with my friends , I was happy
Despite the fact that I did n't hang out with my friends , I was happy
Even if I did n't hang out with my friends , I was happy

Part Time Job
I had a job interview with a clothing company this afternoon .
I was so nervous from start to finish that my face got drenched with perspiration ( I must 've looked uglier than usual . . . ) and some questions I had prepared for the interview slipped my mind .
I was so nervous from start to finish that my face was ( or became ) drenched with perspiration ( I must 've looked uglier than usual . . . ) and some questions I had prepared for the interview slipped my mind .
I could have done better .
On my way home , I was already begining to give up on the job and decided to go to the Employment Service Agency tomorrow .
On my way home , I was already beginning to give up on the job and decided to go to the Employment Service Agency tomorrow .
However , I got a phone call from that company this evening .
The interviewer rang me to offer a part - time job to me !
Although what I desperately want now is a full - time job , I opted to accept the offer straight away .
Although what I desperately want now is a full - time job , I opted to accept the offer right away .
I need to make a living after all .
After all , I need to make a living .
Anyway , working part - time for a two month period of probation , the company will see if I 'm suitable for the position .
Anyway , after working part - time for a two month period of probation , the company will see if I 'm suitable for the position .
Anyway , after working part - time for a two month probation period , the company will see if I 'm suitable for the position .
So , from now on , I have got to learn a lot of technical terms for clothing to translate the company 's web site and documents and so forth into English .
So , from now on , I have to learn a lot of technical terms for clothing to translate the company 's web site and documents and so forth into English .
QUESTION !
Would anybody tell me any helpful web sites to learn about the terms ?
Could anybody tell me any helpful web sites to learn about these terms ?

my trouble about english learning
my trouble with learning English
Using spare time , I have been stduying english in an international english school since Dec , 2007 .
With my spare time , I have been studying english at an international english school since Dec , 2007 .
but to my disappointment , so far I found I have not had any obvious progress especially my listening skill and ora .
but to my disappointment , I have found that I have not made any obvious progress , especially with my listening and oral skills .
l skill .
though now I can read some english articles and write some simple mails in english , it is still very difficult for me to communicate with foreigners in english .
although I can read some english articles and write some simple e - mails in english now , it is still very difficult for me to communicate with foreigners in english .
how to improve my english listening level in a short term ?
howcan I improve my english listening level in a shortamount of time ?
who would like to give me some useful advices ?
who would like to give me some useful advice ?

Who is Noda ?
Noda is the 6th Japanese prime minister after Koizumi .
You may be unable to memorize Japanese prime ministers ' names because there are too many names .
Today , when I surfed websites , I found a journal .
Today , when I were surfing internet , I found this journal .
Today , while I was surfing the internet , I found this journal .
I am going to translate this .
I am going to translate it . ( more natural )
He graduated from a high school which I graduated from .
He graduated from the high school which I graduated from .
But , he does n't probably know me .
I know that he often made a speech in front of a train station .
In the general election in 2005 , the Democratic Party of Japan was devastated by the Japanese prime minister Koizumi .
In the Southern Kanto , there were only two DPJ statesman who could retain their seats in constituencies , Kan Naoto of Musashino City of Tokyo and Noda Yoshihiko of Funabashi City of Chiba .
In the Southern Kanto , there were only two DPJ statesmen who could retain their seats in constituencies , Kan Naoto of Musashino City of Tokyo and Noda Yoshihiko of Funabashi City of Chiba .
This is a reason why he was considered as a new leader of DPJ .
This is the reason why he was considered as a new leader of DPJ .
My nearest railway station is located in the border between Funabashi and Narashino Cities .
My nearest railway station located on the border of Funabashi and Narashino Cities .
The railway station nearest to me is located on the border between Funabashi and Narashino Cities .
Many statesman are seen frequently there , and Noda often speaks to voters at the station in mornings .
Many statesman frequently appears there , and Noda often speaks to voters at the station in the morning .
Many statesmen can be frequently seen there , and Noda often speaks to voters at the station in mornings .
I always voted for him in elections , but I know nothing about his policies , because he say nothing about them .
I have always voted for him in elections , but I know nothing about his policies , because he says nothing about them .
Noda likes to speak to voters , but he does n't like to talk about his policies .
`` Good morning , everybody !
Have a nice day ! ``
He says only that .
He learned politics in a famous university , so he certainly has a lot of policies .
He studied politics at a famous university , so he certainly has a lot of policies .
However , he does n't show voters his policies clearly , because policies make enemies .
However , he does n't show his policies clearly to the voters , because policies make enemies .
He seems to be always treated as a friendly man .
He eagerly works for voters , but obviously , he does n't like talk about ideological matters .
He is eager to help voters , but obviously , he does n't like talk about ideological matters .
( Generally speaking , statesmen of left - wing like to talk about ideological matters , so , Noda is a rare figure . )
There are filled with ideological fights in the Japanese politics , so he may be able to solve problems .
He is always neutral , so he may be able to show us a road from political chaos .
I went to my English class .
I went to my English class .
Our company is had a get - together today .
Our company held a get - together today .
Our company is held a get - together today .
Our company is held a get - together today .
We ate ribs of pork .
We ate pork ribs .
We ate pork ribs .
We ate pork ribs .
It 's delicious .
They were delicious .
They were delicious .
They were delicious .
I am going to sleep .
Now I am going to sleep .
Now I am going to sleep .

I start Lang - 8
I just joined Lang - 8
heyheyhey !
I Start lang 8 XD
I just joined Lang 8 XD
I do n't know what I write to this .
I do n't know what to write here .
But I trying .
But I 'm trying .
everybody , Please help me when I need .
Everybody , please help me .

I wish Winter coming faster . . ^ ^
I wish Winter would come faster . . ^ ^
Last year I started learing snow board .
Last year I started learning snow boarding .
In my life for first time go to a sking ground .
It was the first time in my life to go to a skiing ground .
At the start just ski but time pass 2 hour not interest .
At first I just skiied , but 2 hours passed and I became uninterested .
Change snow board really fantastic .
Changing to a snow board was really fantastic .
Take a ski learn 1hour just o . k , But snowboard is very very difficult . and very interested .
Taking a ski lesson for 1hour was o . k , but snowboarding was ( both ) very , very difficult and very interesting .
For the first time I buy equipment .
For the first time I bought equipment .
In this time so hot weather I really miss winter .
The weather has been so hot that I really miss winter ,
Everything become to white .
when everything becomes white .

Never give up .
I 've changed jobs three times .
It was not so common here in Japan to change a job at least 20 years ago .
It was not so common here in Japan to change jobs about 20 years ago .
My first changing was that time .
My first job - change was at that time .
As an engineer , I just wanted to get various skills .
However , to tell the truth , I easily wanted to escape from difficult problems .
However , to tell the truth , I wanted an easy way to escape from difficult problems .
When I face to such problems , I strongly feel that it 's a wasting time to keep on .
When I had to face such problems , I strongly felt that it was a waste of time to keep trying .
This bad habit still often comes to me , not only for jobs but also for learning a language .
I 'm apt to hope the great results would come .
I 'm apt to hope that great results would come .
It 's natural .
But great achievements are originally not obtained easily .
But great achievements are not ( often ) obtained easily .
As anyone 's success is shining brightly , I just can find it .
If someone 's success is shining brightly , I can just see it .
To accomplish their great achievements , they must have kept on working .
It 's a simple way , but difficult for me .
It sounds like a simple thing , but it 's difficult for me .
When I think it 's impossible to the difficult problem , it might turn out to be true .
When I think that solving a difficult problem will be impossible , it will probably turn out to be true .
But without doing it , I ca n't get nothing .
I should quit worrying about the great failure and I should keep on doing once if I have started it .
I should quit worrying about whether or not I might fail and just keep on doing it once if I have started .
It 's really tough .

NO . 9 the best way to improve the quality of education is to increase teacher 's salaries
Some hold the view that it is do not need to incrase teacher 's salaries in order to the quality of education , because they firmly believe that the major part of student education is the students themselves .
Some hold the view that it is not needed to increase teachers ' salaries in order to improve the quality of education , because they firmly believe that a major part of students ' education is the students themselves .
However , from my every day experience and observation I can state several factors to defend the statement that increase teacher 's salaries can improve the quality of education .
However , from my everyday experience and observation , I can state several factors to defend the statement that increasing teachers ' salaries can improve the quality of education .
First , a well paid occupation can attract many people to be a teacher , it follows that many people with doctorate willing to be a professor in universities .
First , a well paid occupation can attract many people to be a teacher . It follows that many people with a doctorate are willing to be a professor in universities .
It is no doubt that a doctor have more sophisticated eucational skills than a graduate since he have more study and teacher experiences .
There is no doubt that a doctor has more sophisticated eucational skills than a graduate since he had more studies and teaching experiences .
For example , my school is just a average college , but it offer the teacher with a high salary .
For example , my school is just an average college , but it offers the teachers a high salary .
In this case , the teachers inculding professors and teaching assistants are almost have a or two doctorate .
In this case , the teachers inculding professors and teaching assistants mostly have a doctorate or two .
And thus the quality of education in our university are improve sharply , as well as with a good reputation .
And thus the quality of education in our university improve sharply , as well as our good reputation .
Of course , our students all appreciate it .
Second , increase the teacher 's salary can imspire them to do their best .
Second , increasing the teacher 's salary can inspire them to do their best .
It is the same reason just like any boss increasing a employee 's salary .
It is the same as a boss increasing an employee 's salary .
The teachers , are the ones that want to keep their salary in a stable stuation , must satisfy their students and the dean .
The teachers are the ones that want to keep their salary in a stable stuation , and must satisfy their students and the dean .
The need to prepare their course in careful , introduce new and interesting methods to educate students .
The need to prepare their course carefully and introduce new and interesting methods to educate students .
In a word , incresing the teacher 's salaries is the best way to improve the quality of education .
In a word , increasing the teachers ' salaries is the best way to improve the quality of education .
Because many qualitied people will want to become teachers with a high salary and imspire them to do best .
Because many qualified people will want to become teachers with a high salary and inspire them to do their best .

( Modified )
My latest TOEIC score is 530 .
Hmm . . .
My socre has n't been improving much recently . . .
I do n't study English solely for the purpose of getting a high score , so I was n't prepared for the exam .
But I am getting frustrated .
So I will be more responsible and prepare for the exam next time .

Little bit about my self
My name is Nami .
This name was given by my sister in FL .
I work as PR for baby close company .
I work for a baby cloth company as PR .
I used to lived in FL and LA for foreign student .
I used to live in FL and LA as foreign student .
For these day , I do n't have chance to speak and write in English , so this will be good opportunity to keep the skill for me .
Recently or Nowadays , I do n't have chance to speak and write in English , so this will be good opportunity to keep the skill for me .
I hope everyone will see this and correct it .
I hope everyone see this and correct this .

Day off on weekday
Most of Japanese domestic Comanies have the five - day workweek system , and the holidays are Saturday and Sunday .
Most of Japanese domestic Companies have the five - day workweek system , and the holidays are Saturday and Sunday .
However , every Wednesday is day off for me , because I am in service industry now .
This fact has both good and bad points .
The good point is that everywhere I go is not so many people .
The good point is that everywhere I go are not so many people .
For example , trains , supermarkets , amusement parks and so on .
This Wednesday I went to a museum .
Surprisingly , there no people but me !
I could watch things in there as I like ( * I mean `` slowly `` , or `` carefully `` ) .
The Bad point , However , is that I have an work on Saturday .
The Bad point , However , is that I have a work on Saturday .
Most of my friends has day offs on Saturday and Sunday ,
Most of my friends have day offs on Saturday and Sunday ,
and they like to hold kinds of parties on Saturday
rather than Sunday off course .
I am supposed to cancel them many times .
It is unhappy for me and my friends too .
Eventually , I ca n't dicide whether this lifestyle is good for me or not .

Korean BBQ ! !
Have you ever been to Korea before ? ?
If you live in Asian countries , it 'd be easier to trip to Korea than those who does n't live in Asia .
If you live in an Asian countries , it 's easier to take a trip to Korea than those who do n't live in Asia .
Well . . . here in Japan , travelling to Korea has been becoming popular
each year !
It 's actually been said that trip to Korea is cheaper than domestic one .
It 's actually been said that a trip to Korea is cheaper than a domestic one .
But here 's the thing !
If you only want to enjoy nice Korean foods , you not nesesarily have to go to Korea .
If you only want to enjoy nice Korean foods , you do not necessarily have to go to Korea .
Because there 's always been so - called Korean town in Tokyo ! !
Because there 's always been a so - called Korean town in Tokyo ! !
LOL It 's like real korean foods though it 's a bit arranged for Japanese taste !
I went to Korean town and had really nice Korean BBQ tonite with my colleages which reminded me of visiting Korea for about two years ago !
I went to Korean town and had a really nice Korean BBQ tonight with my colleagues , which reminded me of visiting Korea about two years ago !
Basically I like Korean foods !
LOL Well . . . . who does n't ? you ? ? lol
We had whole bunch of foods there which made me feel happy !
Well . . . people always feel happy when they eat what they like , do n't they ? haha
Anyway , we all enjoyed foods there and I want to come back Korean town to explore more nice korean foods there ! lol

This morning I was late to work .
Yesterday I was too tired and went to bed early .
Yesterday , I was so tired and went to bed early .
But because a friend send me a SMS told me he was sick .
But because a friend sent me an SMS telling me he was sick
I was worry about him and can not sleep well .
I was worried about him and could not sleep well .
I was so worried about him that I could not sleep well .
Ah , hope that he will feel better soon .
Ah , hope that he will feel better soon .

not complain
Yesterday , I read a Japanese comic book ( MANGA ) the title is `` GAKU `` .
Yesterday , I read a Japanese comic book ( MANGA ) called `` GAKU `` .
`` GAKU `` is a story of mountain rescue member his name is `` SANPO `` .
It 's a story of a mountain rescue team member named Sanpo .
`` SANPO `` is a very strong climber who had climbed many famous mountains in the world .
He is a very strong climber who had climbed many famous mountains in the world .
He has rescued many climbers and he stays Japanese mountains `` Kita - Alps `` now .
But his most advantage is kindness .
Furthermore , he is known for his kindness .
He has never scolded to carelessness climbers .
Sanpo would never scold at careless climbers .
On the contrary , he said to them `` You did your best .
Instead , he would tell them `` You did your best .
When you 'll be fine , let come back mountains again ! ``
Let 's come back to the mountains again once you 're cured ! ``
- - - - -
I argument with my wife because of small differences between us .
I argue with my wife because we have some differences between us .
I wish I want to be like him .
I wish I could be like him .

How do you encourage ?
Hi , I 'm an elementary school teacher .
I 'd like to encourage in English when my students do their homework .
I 'd like to encourage my students in English when they do their homework .
I know the short phrases like ' Well done ' ' Excellent ' ' Good job ' etc . . .
But I have no idea what to say when the students say ' It 's difficult for me to do ' or ' I have to do harder ' ,
What can ( should ) I say for them ?
What can ( should ) I say to them ?
I 'm very happy if you give me some ideas .
I would be very happy if you could give me some ideas .
Thank you .

My son has been sick .
My one and half year son is suffering from a disease named `` Hand - Foot - Mouth Disease `` .
Those who do n't know this disease may feel frighten just to hear , but it 's one of the skin diseases that children often suffer from .
Those who do n't know this disease may feel frightened just to hear about it , but it 's one of the skin diseases that children often suffer from .
This disease causes red rashes on hands , foots , a mouth and even on a ass .
This disease causes red rashes on the hands , feet , and mouth and even on the ass .
Sometimes it causes a fever .
My son 's case is terrible .
He got many rashes and a high fever .
He got many rashes and has a high fever .
Now he 's getting better , but I feel reall sorry to see my son 's body full of the rashes .
Now he 's getting better , but I feel really sorry to see my son 's body full of the rashes .
May he get well !
I want to touch the smooth skin again .

Nice to meet you !
This is my first diary on Lang - 8 .
So , let me introduce myself .
I 'm japanese .
I study English about 8 years ago .
I studied English about 8 years ago .
I like traveling , watching movies .
My favarite movie is `` The devil wear the PRADA ``
My favarite movie is `` The devil wears ( the ) PRADA ``
Today , I went to English school .
After that , I went shopping .
I bought a tea cup .
It 's so cute !
Tomorrow , I 'm going to hair cut .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to have my hair cut .
Thank you .
Good night .

adidasamsung ' s
Are these sentences correct ?
Is this sentence correct ?
Be simple , feel relax ( or take it easy ) , and have fun ( or enjoy ) !

Great music live last night
I went to music live last night at Billboard Live Tokyo .
Performers are Robert Glasper Experiment .
The Performer was Robert Glasper Experiment .
They are one of the most creative musicians in these days , making their original music based on Jazz and HipHop .
They are one of the most creative musicians these days . They make original music based on Jazz and HipHop .
I was really moved by their play , so I am looking forward to listening to their live music soon again .
I was really moved by their music , so I am looking forward to listening to their live music soon again .

I know this website from one of my friends ,
I learned about this website from one of my friends ,
she use this to improve her japanese , and also make friends .
She used this to improve her japanese , and also made friends .
she told me that I can practice english at here
She told me that I can practice english here
She told me that I can practice english on here .
my name is Una , I get trouble in english , I really want to improve it .
My name is Una , I have trouble in english , and I really want to improve it .
My name is Una . I have trouble with english , and I really want to improve it .
correcting my poor english will takes you a lots time , I hope you do n't mind .
Correcting my poor english will takes you lots time , I hope you do n't mind .
Correcting my poor english will probably take you a lot of time ; I hope you do n't mind .
Nice to meet you ! !

The cove ~ the justice in hunting the whale and dolphines ~
I watched NHK 's TV program which shows moving inside of fisherman for whales and dolphines after The cove were broadcasted all over the world .
It is true hunting whales is japanese tradishion .
It is true that hunting whales is japanese tradition .
I ate whale at school cafeteria first time last year .
To be honest , it was so delicous and unexpected for me !
It tasted like beaf with fat of pork and I want to eat it again if I can .
On the other side , I felt a little guilty .
It is definately affected from The cove .
Before seeing this movie , I would never feel like that because eating whale is japanese old custom and tradishion like french eat rabbits and flogs , escargos .
Before seeing this movie , I would never feel like that because eating whale is japanese old custom and tradition like french eat rabbits and frogs , escargos .
So it put shape impact on my heart by showing the scene fisherman hunt the whale .
Fisherman and their families are thankful for whale .
Fishermen and their families are thankful for whales .
And they prey for the whale and they have festival for apprecaite to the whale .
And they prey for the whale and they have a festival for apprecaite to the whale .
It is not easy for everyone to kill the ANY animal for eating , they hunt the whale with hard pain for their life , that is earning money .
It is not easy for everyone to kill ANY animal for eating , they hunt the whale with hard pain for their life , that is earning money .
They cover the blue seat above the sea not to show killing whales after the movie was broadcasted because they think the scene of die should not be shown like human being does n't show their face to all people when they die .
They cover the blue seat above the sea not to show killing whales after the movie was broadcasted because they think the scene of dieing should not be shown like human being does n't show their face to all people when they die .
Why is the whale picked up especially ?
Because they are cute or clever ? ?
Whale is same animal as pig and cow and fish .
It is same things given from nature .
And also , Japanese government restrict number of whales for hunting and size of it , only small kind of one .
Fisherman do n't break the any international law .
Fishermen do n't break any international law .
It is LEGAL .
I questiond about the attitude of Sea shepard to fisherman .
They called fisherman killer and blamed by dirty words like God damn you and you are the shame in Japan .
What right do Sea shepard have to critecize them personally .
What right do Sea shepard have to criticize them personally .
They should critesize the hunting to the whale in itself in right way .
They should critisize the hunting to the whale in itself in right way .
They just make fisherman angry by taking photos and videos with persistence and they get the scene fisherman is mad at them .
They just make fishermen angry by taking photos and videos with persistence and they get the scene fisherman is mad at them .
It is definately unfair .
It is definitely unfair .
What do you think about the hunting whale ? ?
What do you think about hunting whales ? ?

insecticide
In Japan there are not a few cockroach living .
In Japan , there lives quite a number of cockroaches .
They are so scary that even a sight of one makes me thirill .
They are so scary that even a sight of one makes me thrill .
3years ago not less than 4 cocroaches appeared in my room at the same time .
3years ago no less than 4 cockroaches appeared in my room at the same time .
I sprayed 2 bottles of incectiside to kill them .
My skin became itchy and tuned red .
My skin became itchy and turned red .
My throat got hurt .
Insecticide is strong .
The insecticide was too strong .

The most things I like
The things I like most
Risk and new things are the most things I like .
I like risks and new things .
New things always fascinated me .
New things always fascinate me .
Some people fear changes , but not me .
I think every changes have the reasons and sometimes , the changes help me grow up .
I think every changes have the reasons and sometimes , the changes help me grow up ( matures ) .
I like the risk because may be when I risk I can explore your own ability .
I like risks because risk brings out the best in oneself .
People change everyday and so do I , but I always try to adapt to changes whether it 's good or bad .
In my opinion , everyday is a new day with new things and new risks .
Trying , feeling , enjoying . . .
the life that you can see the life is wonderful .
the life that you see is wonderful .

I found this site in Nikkei evening news
This is very interesting .
This is the internet to make it possible to integrate human inteligence over the world .
This is the internet making it possible to integrate human intelligence all over the world .
However there are 2 people , who post the informations on the net and who use the information on the net .
However there are 2 people , those who post the information 's on the net and those who use the information on the net .
I think many are the last .
Myself included .
So I wonder who give the comment on this daialy .
So I wonder who will give the comment on this diary .

Today 's Topic
My youngest daughter woke me up and asked taking her down to the living room in the morning .
My youngest daughter woke me up and asked me to take her down to the living room this morning .
I wanted to sleep more , but I choose not to sleep again and did some work .
I wanted to sleep more , but I decided not to go back to sleep and do some work .
After that , I visited my father - in - law 's grave with my family .
There were many people in there because it 's Higan in Japan .
There were many people there because it 's Higan in Japan .
We ate late lunch at a restaurant near the station .
We ate a late lunch at a restaurant near the station .
When we went back home ; I was entering my house , my youngest daughter wanted to play at the garden in front of my house .
As we got back home and I was entering our house , my youngest daughter wanted to play in the garden out the front .
Therefore I weeded a garden while she was playing .
So I weeded the garden while she was playing .
It was a ordinary day , but I think I had a good day .
It was an ordinary day , but I still think it was a good one .

GnR Gig in Tokyo Dome
I went to Guns and Roses concert in Tokyo Dome last night .
I went to the Guns and Roses concert at the Tokyo Dome last night .
To be honest , the show was . . . . not really good .
The sound effect was messed up !
The sound system was messed up !
Probably , it is because of the seat area where I was .
Probably , it was because of the area where I was seated .
I guess the speaker system could not cover up to the area .
I guess the speaker system could not reach our area ( very ) well .
Also it seemed that Axl Rose could not sing very well .
I wonder if he had a bad voice condition .
In addition to , it was too cold in the venue and so on . . .
In addition to that , it was too cold in the venue and so on . . .
Anyway , I was happy to hear famous tunes from the past albums .
Anyway , I was happy to hear famous tunes from their past albums .
It was worth watching the show .
And I just appreciate them for coming to Japan : )

The English school
Today , I started to belong English school .
Today I joined an English school .
It 's style is that students talk to a teacher living in Philippines by skype phone ( IP telephone ) .
Its the kind where students talk to a teacher living in Philippines by Skype phone ( IP telephone ) .
It 's cost 5000 yen .
Its costs 5000 yen .
It 's very cheap compared with normal English school .
Its very cheap when compared to a normal English school .
I can hear the teacher 's voice clearly , but I think it is difficult to understand what a teacher said by only voice .
I can hear the teacher 's voice clearly , but it is difficult to understand what the teacher says when its only by voice .
I realized the human get many things by body language .
Tomorrow night I will try it again .

Presentation
My presentation was over yesterday .
I worked hard without much success , because the topic was too difficult and complicated to discribe .
I worked hard without much success , because the topic was too difficult and complicated to describe .
My work was about migration , using subtle numerical formulae .
The textbook quotes from a lot of papers one after another , so I really confused trying to make sense of the outline .
The textbook quoted from a lot of papers , so I was really confused trying to make sense of the outline .
I could n't be satisfied my presentation , I like drinking after every effort none the less ^ ^
I was n't satisfied my presentation though I like drinking after every effort none the less ^ ^
I want to do better work next time .
I want to do better next time .
Thank you !

Made reservations
A huge job hunting event will be held in this weekend at a large convention hall in Tokyo .
A huge job hunting event will be held this weekend at a large convention hall in Tokyo .
A huge job - hunting event will be held this weekend at a large convention hall in Tokyo .
I decided to participate in this event .
Tokyo is far from my hometown , though .
So I made reservations for a overnight bus and hotel .
So I made reservations for an overnight bus and hotel .
So I made reservations for an overnight bus and hotel .
I was too late to make reservations , so it was very difficult to find them , especially overnight bus .
I was too late to make reservations , so it was very difficult to find them , especially an overnight bus .
I was pretty late making the reservations , so it was very difficult to find openings , especially the overnight bus .
As for hotel , I 'll stay at a hotel which has hot springs .
As for a hotel , I 'll stay at a hotel which has hot springs .
As for the hotel , I 'll be staying at one that has hot springs .
However , I can stay there with reasonable price .
However , I can stay there at a reasonable price .
I 'm looking forward to visit there .
I 'm looking forward to visiting there .
I 'm looking forward to my stay there .
But finally I could find .
And I hope I 'll be able to get higher motivation through this event .
I hope I 'll be motivated through this event .
I hope I 'll be able to build up my motivation through this event .
Nice to meet you !
Today , I could n't explain a British why TOEIC is more famous than IELTS .
Today , I could n't explain a British person why TOEIC is more famous than IELTS .
I said `` TOEIC is main examination in Japan , so many shops have got a lot of TOEIC text book , a few IELTS . ``
I said `` TOEIC is the main examination in Japan , so many shops have got a lot of TOEIC text book , a only a few IELTS . ``
Does it make sense ?

This is my first time here .
I 'm really glad that I 've found this wonderful site .
I 've had difficulty especially in writing , because there were n't proper feedbacks on my writings .
I 've had difficulty , especially in writing because I have n't received proper feedback .
As I am not a native speaker of English , there must have lots of troubles which does n't make sense at all , or ungrammatical usage .
And I am also want to help the person who wish to learn Korean .
I also want to help people who wish to learn Korean .

18th Apr 2010
Hello ! Everybody !
Hello ! Everybody !
today introduction about me ! ! !
todayI wrote an introduction about myself ! ! !
my name is yukien .
living in japan .
I live in japan .
and my job is resident nurse in japan .
My job is aresident nurse in a hospital .
so working in hospital .
my dream is international nurse ! so do my best ! !
my dream is to be aninternational nurse ! so I will try my best ! !
please help me a my english ! ! !
please help me improve my english ! ! !
if you wanna study a japanese , I can teach you a japanese ! ! !
if you wanna study japanese , I can teach you japanese ! ! !
if you wanna study japanese , I can teach you some ! ! !
thanks ! ( ^ o ^ ) /

I am from Japan .
but I am not look sea .
but I ca n't see the sea .
But I can not see the sea .
I want to go to see the sea .
I want to see the sea .

I 'd like to know your opinions about Japan
Now , Japan is in the critical situation .
Now , Japan is in a critical situation .
I think spoiling radioactive water to the sea is catastrophe .
I think spilling radioactive water to the sea is a catastrophe .
There might be no choice about that but I ca n't understand why they did that .
There might be no choice about that , but I ca n't understand why they did it .
Maybe if they did n't , the power plant exploded ? ?
Maybe if they did n't , the power plant would have exploded ? ?
I do n't know . . .
What is worse is Japanese government is trying to control information in this internet age .
What is worse is that the Japanese government is trying to control information in this internet age .
Here , I would like to know objective opinions about future of Japan .
Specially economic .
Off course , I hope Japan will get through this situation .
And I knew many people are worrying about it .
And I know many people are worrying about it .
I really appreciated that .
I really appreciate that .
But I really want to know what foreign people are thinking about this situation of Japan .
But I really want to know what foreign people are thinking about this situation in Japan .

Chinese class
Chinese is so fan .
Chinese is so fun .
Japanese also use Kanji , so I think it 's a little easy for Japanese to remember Chinese words .
Japanese also uses Kanji , so I think it 's a little easier for Japanese people to remember Chinese words .
The Japanese language also uses Kanji , so I think it 's a little easy for Japanese people to remember Chinese words ,
But it 's difficult to pronounce and to hear .
But it 's difficult to pronounce and to understand .
but it 's difficult for us to pronounce and understand ( the language ) .
It takes long time for remembering English words , but I often found out mean of a Chinese word which I do n't know only to see .
It takes a long time for me to remember English words , but I often already know the meaning of a Chinese word the moment I see it .
But Chinese is difficult to pronounce . . .
Today , after Chinese class , my teacher told me to come to the teacher 's desk .
Today after my Chinese class , my teacher asked me to come to his desk .
I thought `` did I something bad . . . ? ``
I thought , `` Did I do something bad . . . ? ``
But he said `` You do study so hard , but your pronunciation is a little incorrect , I 'll teach you . ``
But he said , `` You study so hard , but your pronunciation is a little incorrect , so I 'll teach you . ``
I was very glad .

letter ! !
Yes I got the letter from you Yesterday ! !
Sounds you 've had good days in Africa ! !
Sounds like you 've had a good time in Africa ! !
I 'll send you the gift on and off if it makes you happy : D
I 'll send you a gift here and there if it makes you happy : D
You think I 'm so kind guy , do n't you ? ! !
You think I 'm so kind , do n't you ? ! !
Hope you 'll have brilliant experiences in there ! !
Hope you 'll have brilliant experiences there ! !
I 'm tired .
Since I had played Futsal for three hours , I 'm tired .
It is a bit difficult to play futsal for me , so a futsal court is narrow .
I find it a bit difficult to play futsal because a futsal court is narrow .
That is why I have to learn skill moves in which I 'm second to none .
That is why I have to learn skillful moves in which I 'm second to none .
Futsal is fun ! !
Let 's play futsal with me ! !
Let 's play futsal together ! !

turn over
My 5 - month - old daughter finally got to be able to turn herself over today !
My 5 - month - old daughter finally learnt to turn herself over today !
She just can turn to her right side and lie on her tummy , but she ca n't turn back over .
She can turn onto to her right side and lie on her tummy , but she ca n't turn back the other way .
It is still amazing : )

QingDao - My second hometown
QingDao - My second home
I have lived in QingDao for four years .
It 's a special and beautiful city .
I met my Mr .
Right who give me a family .
Right who gave me a family .
So many people like here because it has a long oceanline beside the Huangocean .
Many people like it here because of the long Yellow Sea coastline .
when summer coming the temperature will not higer
When summer comes , the temperature does not increase much .
Now the winter come .
Now it is winter .
I feel very cold .
It is very cold .
the wind is very big .
The wind is very strong .
Rainy city
I lose my umbrella yesterday .
I lost my umbrella yesterday .
It 's a very bad news , because I am live in the rainy city .
It 's very bad news , because I am living in a rainy city .
I need a big umberlla avoid to be a wet people .
I need a big umberella to avoid getting wet .
After few days , I think I should go to buy a new one .
After a few days , I think I should go buy a new one .
Even I still want my umbrella back to me . . .
Even though I still want my other umbrella back . . .

A brand - new web site
I do n't want to use this site as a sales pitch but let me tell you this ;
I 've just completed and launched one of the blog - type web sites of my product line .
This is a web site for a hair salon called ' relache ' , which means ' relax ' in French .
What I had been requested by the client was the following ;
My company 's client had the following requirements for the blog ;
To make it like a bleary picture .
To make and embed a blurry picture on the website .
To focus on some parts but not all of it .
To focus on some but not all parts of their hair salon .
To allow the client to change pictures or comments by themselves .
Not to make it snobbish but to make it cute and girly , namely ' kawaii ' , which is a Japanese adverb to put a great value on the young beautiful friendly Japanese ladies .
Basically I always listen to all the requests from a client and try my best to achieve the goal exactly the way the client imagines on her mind .
Basically I always listen to all the requests from a client and try my best to achieve the goal exactly the way the client imagines in her mind .
Basically I always listen to all the requests from a client and try my best to achieve the goal exactly the way the client imagines it .
However , this time the client was very strict about the whole layout in detail , because they themselves take care of their own clients ' hair style everyday and are naturally keen on how the beauty is supposed to be .
However , this time the client was very strict about the whole layout in detail , because they themselves take care of their own clients ' hair style everyday and are very specific about the image they are trying to portray on their website .
However , this time the client was very strict about the whole layout in detail , because they themselves take care of their own clients ' hair style everyday and are naturally keen on what beauty is supposed to be .
It took us thee months to complete it and we , our designers , coders and I , have just made it and I 've felt very relieved to finish it !
It took us thee months to complete it and we , our designers , coders and I , have just finished making it . I felt a great sense of relieve when we finally completed it !

winter ? ?
It 's being very cold , like hardest week in the winter .
Now It 's March almost April ! !
Cherry blossom is surprising . . .
Cherry blossoms are surprising . . .
What a cold day is it ! !
What a cold day it is ! !
I spend a great effort to wake up and leave bed .
It was very tough game .
It was a very tough game . ( what was ? )
I have a tennis tournament .
I thought it gets warm enough to play tennis without feeling cold .
I thought it would be warm enough to play tennis without it feeling cold .
But it is freeeeeezing today . ^ - ^
It 's time to leave . . . . bye

I ate supper with Chinese friends
I went to my Chinese student 's home to have supper .
I went to my Chinese students ' home to have supper .
We went to super market and bought some foods for supper .
We went to the supermarket and bought some foods for supper .
Two of them study Japanese , we talked in Japanese , but one student do n't speak Japanese , I have to speak Japanese and English .
It was very good practice for me to speak English .
It was very good practice for me to speak in English .
These days , I have a lot of time to speak Enhlish .
These days , I have a lot of time to speak English .
And the Chinese meal was very good .

Ichiro Achieved 200 Safe Hits
Ichiro Achieved 200 ( Safe ) Hits
Ichiro , who playing Seattle Mariners in Major League , achieved 200 safe hits continuing 10 years .
Ichiro , who plays for the Seattle Mariners in Major League , achieved 200 safe hits for 10 years straight .
It was 152th game of him , that is 10 days later than last year .
It was his 152th game , that is 10 days later than last year .
The great record do n't achieved any other him .
Nobody else has achieved such a great record .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
He was a hero in Japanese Baseball .
Now , he is a star player in Major League ! !
Now , he is a star player in the Major League ! !
I 'm proud of his success as the same Japanese .
As a Japanese person , I 'm proud of his success .
And I suppose it is difficult to write about technical news topic .
For instance I did n't learn words about Baseball .
For instance I did n't learn any words about Baseball .
How do I learn technical words ?

The Sunshine
Yesterday weather was very nice and the sunshine was also too strong in the daytime .
Yesterday weather was very nice , but the sunshine was too strong .
I had been teaching soccer to kids for the morning of yesterday .
I taught soccer to kids yesterday morning .
As a result , I got sunburned except my body and legs .
As a result , I got sunburned everywhere except for my body and legs .
In spite of having gotten sunburned too much , when I got up this morning , I did n't feel pain of my skin at all .
In spite of having gotten sunburned so badly , when I got up this morning , it did n't hurt .
But at the same moment , I had physical fatigue .
Although I went to bed at the previous night , it 's not likely that the fatigue of my body recovered well .
Although I had gone to bed the previous night , I was still tired .
I think the sunshine was too strong .

I 'm at a hotel in Yamagata .
I came here to attend an academic comference .
I was very nervous when I was attending the conference .
Attendees except me were professors and managers from big companies .
The other attendees were professors and managers from big companies .
I am now at a hotel .
I feel relieved .
I want to go to Onsen if I have enough time tomorrow .
I want to go to an Onsen if I have enough time tomorrow .
I am writing this article by using kindle3 .

It 's a rainy day : - <
The rainy season is coming !
Therain season is comming !
But , we do n't have a lot of rain in this season , so the water supply throughout the city will start from June 12 . . .
We do n't have a lot of rain in this season , so the water supply throughout the city will start from June 12 . . .
so we ca n't use water from 11 : 00 p . m . to 6 : 00 a . m . ! !
So we ca n't use water from 11 : 00 p . m . to 6 : 00 a . m . ! !
omg . . .
I do n't like to ride a bike on rainy day , but I ca n't stand that I ca n't use water ( ; _ ; ) So I hope that we will have a heavy rain !
I do n't like to riding my bike on a rainy day , but I ca n't stand that I ca n't use water ( ; _ ; ) So I hope that we will have some heavy rain !
I do n't like to ride a bike on rainy days , but I ca n't stand that I ca n't use water ( ; _ ; ) So I hope that we 'll have a heavy rain !
I 'm so broke just now . . .
I 'm so broke right now . . .
so I have to find another part - time - job !
So I have to find another part time job !
Summer is coming soon !
There 're a lot of things I wanna do !
There 're a lot of things I want to do !
So I wanna save money !
So I want to save money !
I 'll take a test tommorow . . . .
I have to take a test tomorrow .
so I have to study !
So I have to study !

It has been little long time .
It has been a long time .
Hey how are u doing , guys ?
Hey how are you guys doing ?
Im doing bad .
I 'm doing bad .
Im fallen to asleep almost time when I study English after come back home from work .
I 'm falling asleep most of the time when I study English after coming back home from work .
I have been falling asleep almost every time I study English after coming back home from work .
It 's sucks .
It sucks .
I have TOEIC test in next month .
I have the TOEIC test next month .
How should I do ( that ? ) not to be fallen to asleep ?
How should I do the test and not fall asleep ?
only good news is I might get a driving license at least next weekend .
The only good news is that I might get a driver 's license as soon as next weekend .
Oh . . . . . .
my English is getting only worse .
my English is getting worse .
Damn it .

I tried .
I have studing English all the time at the library .
I have been studying English all the time at the library .
Recently , I have been studying English all the time at the library .
Toward evening ( 6 : 30PM ) , I have been to learn English for a week
In the evenings ( at 6 : 30PM ) , I have been going to learn English for a week
Also , I have been going to an English language class every week at 6 : 30pm .
at SDA language school .
The name of the program is SDA Language School .
It 's bored .
It 's boring .
Actually , it 's kind of boring .
But I have maximum amount of effort to concentrate my attention .
But I am making the maximum amount of effort to concentrate my attention .
But I am making the maximum amount of effort to concentrate on my class .

nihon no tango
HANASHIMASU . . . . .
okuniwa dichira desu ka .
okuniwa dochira desu ka .
chuugoku desu .
ja , nihongo o hanashimasu ka .
ja , nihongo ga hanasemasu ka .
nihongo o hanashimasen .
nihongo ga hanasemasen .
demo , chotto eigo o hanashimasu .
demo , chotto eigo ga hanasemasu .
We had better speak in English
yoriyoi eigo o hanashimasu .
URIMASU . . . . . .
What is your work ?
Shigoto wa nan desu ka .
I work as a part time promoter .
Paato desu .
so desu ka .
What do you sell ?
nani wa urimasu ka .
nani wo urimasu ka .
I sell shirt only .
Shatsu desu . ( how to say only ? ? )
I will visit your shop one day .
ichinichi anata no mise ni hoomon shimasu .
kondo anata no mise ni hoomon shimasu . kondo = next time
IF MY SENTENCES ARE NOT COMPLETED , PLEASE COMPLETE FOR ME .
THANK YOU .

My Friend Richar
When I met Richard by chance at the airport last sunday , he was with his wife .
I had n't seen him for ages , so I did n't know her .
He had got married a year ago .
He got married a year ago .
Of course he introduced her .
Of course he introduced her and
I found her very nice .
We all had a long talk , you know , talking about the past , the present time , and of course , future projects .
We all had a long talk , you know , talking about the past , the present , and of course , future projects .
They seemed to be so happy that I was very happy too .
We said `` good bye `` , promising to meet again very soon .
Going back to home , I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard , so that he could manage his terrible mood .
Going back home , I thought she was the perfect wife for Richard , and hoped that she could help him manage his terrible mood .

Eat at home or Out ?
Eat at Home or Eat Out ?
Do you like delicious foods ?
I think your answers should be like `` Yes , Of course `` .
I think your answer is `` Yes , of course . ``
So , Do you good at making a delicious food to satisfy with your friends ' tongue ?
Certainly , it 's not easy to cook a nice dishes because cooking is a high technique job .
It 's not easy to cook e complex dishes because cooking is a high technique job requires certain techniques .
I seldom invite my friends to eat at home because I am not confident in my cooking skill although my friends would not mind of it , or even a clear soup noodles .
I seldom invite my friends to eat at home . I am not confident in my cooking skills , although my friends would not mind , even if I only made noodles .
Making a delicious food is a high technique job because you need to know what kind of food material , tool , and recipe you need to prepare and how to select , use food material and tool , and do a cooking .
Making a delicious food is a difficult . You need to know what kind of ingredients and tools , needed to prepare the recipe , and you need to know how to select , use , and cook these ingredients .
In China , there are thousands of food material and cooking methods .
In China , there are thousands of various ingredients l and cooking methods .
Even if the material is the same , the taste may be variant from different cooking methods and different chefs .
Even if the material is the same , the taste may be variant from different vary by cooking method and chef .
For example , a fish can be made by frying , steaming , cooking or salting etc .
For example , fish can be cooked by frying , steaming , or salting , etc .
The supplementary raw material could be any kind of vegetables or even China Traditional Medicines .
The side - dish could be any kind of vegetables or even traditional Chinese herbs .
So , it is not easy to cook such nice dishes at home , if you invite a friend for a meal , I suggest you go to a restaurant or a chophouse .
So As you can see , it is not easy to cook such nice dishes at home . If you invite a friend for a meal , I suggest you go to a restaurant or a chophouse .
For a second consideration of eating out , most Chinese people would like eat out when invite friends or hold celebration activities , such as birthday party , relationship building party .
As a second consideration option , most Chinese people invite friends to eat out when they hold celebrations , such as birthday parties or relationship building parties .
In these situation , usually , there should be a host to pay the bill in turn at this time , the custom is different from Western 's dutch treat .
In these situations , the host usually pays the bill . The custom is different from Western custom . ' .
For this reason , it would be consider stingy because you will spend less money on eating at home than restaurant , or when your friends invite you in restaurant for a return order next time , you would feel like owing something .
For this reason , doing this would be considered stingy , because you will spend less money , or and the next time your friends invite you to a restaurant , you will feel like you owe them something .
Inviting a friend eating at home is not always considered stingy , but at sometimes considered to be too friendship .
If your relationship is not so good that eating at home would make your friends uncomfortable and troubled you .
Finally , eating out can be considered convenient and save more time to chat or do other things .
Finally , eating out can be considered convenient and saves more time to chat or do other things .
Eating out could be less one third of the time than eating at home , that is , if taking twenty minutes in restaurant would taking one hour at home .
Eating out could take less than one third of the time that eating at home takes . That is , if taking it takes twenty minutes to eat at a restaurant , it would take one hour at home .
After meal , eating out means no need to do washing dishes and cleaning work .
Eating out means there is no need to wash dishes and cleaning work or clean after a meal .
Especially , when you invite a lot of people for a meal , eating at home would be a very much challenging work .
Especially when you invite a lot of people for a meal , eating at home would be too much work .
For example , when I got an admission offer from a college when I was eighteen years old , my parents invited many friends and relatives to celebrate it , there were about 80 people and each eight people took sits around a round desk with eighteen dishes , the total amount of dishes were over one hundred .
It was such a huge work that I remembered by now .
It was such a huge so much work that I remember it even now .
Anyway , it was a happy and delicious party .
Now , in my hometown , many such parties would be held in restaurant for convenience and delicious tastes .
Now , in my hometown , many such parties would be held in restaurant for convenience .
Certainly , there are many reasons to support my view that eating out is more better than eating at home when you inviting friends for a meal .
There are many reasons to support my view that eating out is better than eating at home , especially when you inviting friends for a meal .
In contrast , if you have time or want to save money , it is a better choice to eat at home .

Cake , cake , cake ! !
I ate many cakes today .
Chocolate cake , Cream puff , Raspberry cake .
Very very delicious ! !
It was very very delicious ! !
But I worry about put on weight . . .
But I worry about putting on weight . . .
But I worry about putting on weight . . .
I have to diet . . .
I have to go on a diet . . .
I cut my hair at beauty salon .
I got my hair cut at beauty salon .
I like this my hairstyle .
I like my hairstyle .
I like this hairstyle .

Hi , my first time diary : )
Hi , my first diary : )
Hi . My first diary : )
Hi , Let me introduce myself .
Hi , let me introduce myself .
I 'm Japanese .
I like watching Japanese anime !
I do n't know what I should write diary , so I want to looking back today .
I do n't know what I should write in my diary , so I want to look back at today .
I got up about 8 o ' clock in the morning .
I got up at about 8 o ' clock in the morning .
And I had rice and miso - soup for breakfast . : )
I 've been studying English for a long time , but I ca n't speak English very well .
I 've been studying English for a long time , but I ca n't speak it very well .
So , I want to be able to speak and write English someday .
Thank you for reading ! !

Lasagna .
I surf the Internet of cooking site yesterday .
I surfed the Internet and saw a cooking site yesterday .
I found some recipes , they look so good taste .
I found some recipes and they looked so good .
one of them is lasagna .
One of them is lasagna .
One of them was for lasagna .
I tried the lasagne dish for the first time and it was delicious .
I tried making lasagne for the first time and it was delicious .
I have a bread maker so I knead pasta by machin .
I have a bread maker so I knead pasta by the machine .
I have a bread maker so I used it to knead the pasta .
I made meat sauce and white sauce .
I made a meat sauce and a white sauce .
I took the photo after started eating .
I took the photo after I started eating .

English Composition
Those following sentences are homework for English Composition class .
If you find any error in words , grammars , or logics , please correct it .
If you find any error in words , grammar , or logic , please correct it .
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
The theme is
`` Are you FOR / AGAINST high schools prohibiting students from carrying cell phones ? ``
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I am against high schools prohibiting students from carrying cell phones because they have the
right to bring their cell phones to school .
Of course , if some student 's cell phone rings during class , it bothers other students .
Of course , if a student 's cell phone rings during class , it bothers other students .
But it does n't mean that they must not bring the cell phones to school , because if they keep them off during class , there will be no problems .
But it does n't mean that they must not bring cell phones to school , because if they keep them off during class , there will be no problem .

confuse day ! !
My boss came to the company today .
My boss came to the company today .
usully I must to know before she comes or not but today she did not to tell me and employee in the office she be come today .
Usually I must know before she comes or not , but today she did not tell me or the employees in the office that she was coming .
I am eating like diricial I am serprize she walk and look this way .
I was eating like crazy . I was surprised to see her walk by and look my way .
I must to keep my food quitely .
I must eat my food quietly .
She tuld me she wanted chiness tea .
She told me she wanted Chinese tea .
I must to take care my boss because the wife house she did not come today .
I must take care of my boss because the wife house did not come today .
I never to do that for her begin .
I never really did that for her when I began my job .
First time I felt confuse very must .
The first time she asked me I felt very confused .
and In the afternoon I asked her about the food to buy to her she said she can eat every thing or rice with supe
In the afternoon I asked her about the food she wanted me to buy , she said she can eat a whole rice and soup dish .
after I head I hurry to bought the food for her I can not find the food she like it
After I head out , I hurry to buy the food for her , but I could not find the food she wanted .
so , I bought someting for her I do n't know before when she stay in the main bunch she eat this food every day I bought for her
she laught about food
She laughed about the food .
so you can immagin if you eat the same food every day you will be bore I think she felt but she do n't say .
You can imagine if you ate the same food everyday you would become bored , I think she felt that way but she did n't say .
I 'm happy to wite english like the same day .
I 'm happy to write in English in the same day .
Take care .
and after day if must remember do n't buy rice with pork for her .
and after today if must remember to not buy rice with pork for her .

`` A SPECIAL GIFT FOR NEE - CHAN ``
Hello , my wonderful friends today is someone birthday . .
Hello , my wonderful friends . Today is someones birthday . .
I am sorrry to made her go to bed late but I would like to tell her . .
I am sorry to make her go to bed late , but I would like to wish her . .
`` HAPPY BRITHDAY `` I just would like to say . .
`` HAPPY BRITHDAY `` I would just like to say . .
for her the frist so I did not let her to sleep ( I am sorry ) in fect I . . . have not thing to tell her just the word she is full in my life . . and really improtant to me She is really kind
I do n't think I will forget her .
Love you my sister .

starting from here
today is my first time to come here .
I hope I can make many friends
who come from all over the world .
we can help and share each other
we can help and strengthen bilateral cultural exchanges
in enrich our life ang make our life be better
in improve the quality and quantity of our life and make a better life

Introduce myself
I am Kosei .
I visit this home page first time .
I 'm visiting this website for the first time .
So I introduce myself .
So I 'll introduce myself .
I am Japanese and live in Nagoya , the middle of Japan .
I am Japanese and live in Nagoya , which is in the middle of Japan .
I always communicate Thailand and Indian customer by email .
I always communicate with Thai and Indian customers by email .
But I do n't have confidence to write what I think in the detail .
But I do n't have confidence to write what I think in detail .
So I join this home page .
So I 've joined this website .
Could you revise my English as above ?
And does anyone who speaks English frequently make a friend with me ?
And does anyone who speaks English frequently want to make friends with me ?
I also will revise your Japanese diary .
Best regards ,
The biggest earthquake in Japan .
I 'm safe .
Please do n't worry . : )
There is no damage in my area .
My area is far from earthquake area .
I 'm watching news on TV .
It was shocking .
Houses were washed by tsunami .
Many people died .
I was unbelievable .
It was unbelievable .
My heart almost broke .
I 'm very helpless .
I 'm praying for everyone 's safety .

so excited
I went to baseball stadium today .
CR VS SF .
it was my first time to watch the baseball game .
It was my first time watching a baseball game .
everybody said comprain with loud voice .
that 's funny .
I like american emotion !
it 's different Japanese .
it 's different than Japanese .
loud loughing , loud regreting . .
loud laughing , loud regretting . .
anyway , rockies came from behind victory .
anyway , the rockies came from behind for a victory .
Tory was very nice player .
Tory was a very nice player .
when Troy came batter 's box , made some noise .
when Troy went to the batter 's box , everyone made some noise .
finally , he hit the single hit , it made rockies won .
finally , he hit the single hit that made the rockies win .

12 . 1 December
I have a test in Feb , but I 'm in the army now , so do n't have enough time to study .
I will have a test in Feb . However , I 'm in the army now , so I do n't have enough time to study .
all of the people here , are younger tan me , after they finish a duty ofdepense our country , they will go back to the university and keep studying .
All of the people here , are younger than me . After they finish the duty of depense for our country , they will go back to the university and keep studying .
but I was already graduated from peking university in china , so I have to find a job , I hope that I will be a certified public accountant and have to improve english skills and chinese skills
However , I already graduated from Peking university in China , so I have to find a job . I hope that I will be a certified public accountant and continue improving my English and Chinese language skills

Skype English
Last month , I began to take English lectures on Skype .
I started it because I would like to have more opportunity to speak English , and the online lectures are cheap !
I started it because I would like to have more opportunities to speak English , and the online lectures are cheap !
If I go to a language school and talk with a native speaker , it would cost more than 30000yen ( about $ 350 ) in a month , but the online one cost just 3000yen ( about $ 35 ) per month .
If I go to a language school and talk with a native speaker , it would cost more than 30000yen ( about $ 350 ) a month , but the online one costs just 3000yen ( about $ 35 ) per month .
It is cheap because we can use skype for free , and the company hires Filipinos as tutors with small salary .
Some say that we should talk with native speakers because non - natives have their own accents , but I think most Filipino tutors are really good in speaking English .
Therefore , I recommend English learners to try the online English lesson .

My employment in a childhood .
My employment during my childhood .
My childhood was different .
I was occupied by many deals and amusement : Graeco - Roman wrestling ( 1year ) ; karate , boxing , football ( few months ) ; and my favorite air - modelling ( the some years ) - it drove me crazy and currently I love aircrafts & any air machinery .
I was occupied by many hobbies and amusements : Greco - Roman wrestling ( 1year ) ; karate , boxing , football ( few months ) ; and my favorite aero - modelling ( for some years ) - it drove me crazy and currently I love aircrafts & any air machinery .
Also , I like my home computer , was studying how it works and another technology .
Also , I like my home computer , was studying how it works and other technology .
When I was in my circle of air - modelling there is a circle of radio lovers .
When I was in my group of aero - modelling there was a group of radio lovers .
I never mind how they sit on his plases and solder all time .
I never liked how they sat in their places and soldered all time .
I did n't like their enthusiasm .
When I grew up I think about my profession and afterwards I had finished my study at an university on a radio faculty ! ) because I had entered in that faculty on a free education .
When I grew up I thought about my profession and after that I finished my studies at the radio faculty at an university ! ) because I had entered that faculty on free education .
Currently I work in a radio industry like a junior engineer and I solder almost all day in my job .
Currently I work in the radio industry as a junior engineer and I solder almost all day in my job .
It 's impossible !

A funny joke
Title - the granny and the driver
A very forgetful granny lived in Seoul .
One day she wanted to go to Seoul train station .
One day she wanted to go the Seoul train station .
She caught a taxi and said to the driver .
She caught a taxi and said to the driver ,
Driver , I am very forgetful since I am an old woman .
I often forgets where I am going or what I am going to do .
I often forget where I am going or what I am going to do .
I want to go to Seoul station and please tell me where I am
I want to go to Seoul station . Please tell me where I am
going in about 10 mintues because I will forget my destination
going in about 10 mintues because I will forget my destination ,
Young man I am suffering from amnesia ``
young man , because I suffer from amnesia ``
The driver said assuring her
The driver said , assuring her ,
`` Ma ' am , do n't worry .
I will take you to your destination safely and
also remind you where you are headed ``
The granny said `` Thank you `` to him
The granny said , `` Thank you . ``
About 10 minutes passed .
The granny forgot why she was in the taxi and where she was headed .
The granny tapped the driver and said
`` Hey , Driver !
Where are you goin ? ``
Where are you going ? ``
The driver looked back and said
. `` Who are you ?
When did you get in my taxi ? ``
The driver was also suffering from amnesia

This paper proposes a social networking service site based mobile environment for learning foreign languages called SONLEM , which supports learners to find a partner who can solve the language learning problems at the online community , and an appropriate request chain of friends will be recommended upon their request .
This paper proposes a social networking service site based mobile environment for learning foreign languages called SONLEM , which encourages learners to find a partner who can solve their language learning problems through an online community , and an appropriate request chain of friends that can provide recommendations upon request .
The learner can practice his second language with a native speaker who is learning his language .
The learner can practice their second language with a native speaker who is learning their language .

I like to play a instrument .
When I was a highschool student , I formed a rock band .
When I was a high school student , I formed a rock band .
I played the bass , the drums and sometimes the guitar .
I played the bass , the drums , and sometimes the guitar .
I like to not so much play these instruments as go on the stage .
It is difficult to make a lot of people fun .
It is difficult to entertain a lot of people , but it is fun .
But it is fun to make a lot of people fun .

Let 's get it started
by : Black Eyed Peas
by : The Black Eyed Peas
I spent my day here in Akita with eating and sleeping . .
I spent some days here in Akita , eating and sleeping . .
Oh , this is not good . . : (
I 'm going back to Tokyo next Tuesday perhaps .
I 've learned many things through talking with my grandma .
We also discovered that we have many similarities in the way of thinking about many things .
Today , the topic was about the career and job .
Since my grandma and grandpa are incredibly smart , so they had a great job like they are both government employee here in Akita .
Since my grandma and grandpa are incredibly smart , they had a great job like they are both government employees here in Akita .
My grandma also haddone many hobbies and activities when she retired last ten years ago .
My grandma also had done many hobbies and activities when she retired last ten years ago .
I really admire her because she keep challenging and trying herself to test how far she can go .
I really admire her because she keeps challenging and trying herself to test how far she can go .
I have n't set myself yet with what I really want to do , especially in my future career .
So , I 'll give my all to study hard in the university .
Oh , and I miss my friends in Tokyo already . . : ( (

Speaking English
It 's been long since I speak in English last .
It 's been so long since I last spoke in English .
Today I talked with a guy who met on the lang - 8 .
Today I talked with a guy whom I met on Lang - 8 .
He can speak English so our conversation must be done in English but I remained how my speaking skill is bad .
He could speak English , so our conversation was held in English but I was reminded of how my speaking skill is bad .
He could speak English so our conversation was in English , but it reminded me how bad my English speaking skills are .
Sometimes I am said that my writing English is good so people tend to think my speaking level is high but it is definitely not .
Sometimes I am told that my written English is good . So people tend to think my level of speaking is high , but it is definitely not .
When sitting in front of a mic , I cant start conversation from me .
When sitting in front of a mic , I ca n't start conversation .
Is this because of my English skill or . . .
Is this because of my English skill ? Or . . .
my personality ?
Those who want to hear my poor English , please do n't hesitate to call me .
I can give you terrible ENGRISH sounds .
I can give you terrible `` Engrish `` sounds .
27 / 6 sunday
Today was enjoyed .
I enjoyed myself today .
I went to boring with tennis club 's menber .
I went bowling with tennis club members .
We played two games and confronted at this .
We split into two teams and played a match in two games .
Our team did n't have to penalty .
After that , We went to Gyuhan ( grilled meat shop ) to have a dinner .
After that , we went to Gyuhan ( grilled meat shop ) to have dinner .
It was very delicious .
By the way , I went to hair salon to cut my hair in noon .
By the way , I went to get a haircut to the hair salon at noon .
I 'm tiding now .
I 'm tired now .

I 've never been to me .
I ca n't sleep .
It 's 4 : 30am .
I could rent `` twilight `` .
but I do n't want to watch from now .
but I do n't want to watch it right now .
I had sufferd on line .
I had sufferd on line . please elaborate ?
I found a nice song to me .
I found a nice song that I like .
I sometimes study English by some songs .
I sometimes study English by listening to songs .
So I tend to choose slow balad songs .
So I tend to choose slow ballad songs .
I begin to like this song because I like the title .
I like this song because of the title .
This sounds English to me .
This sounds like English to me .
We never express like this in Japanese .
We never express feelings like this in Japanese .
In English class .
I had learned `` Have you ever been to Paris ?
Where have you been abroad ?
I have been to London . ``
But I ' ve never learned this sentence .
I like this one .
I have nice friends who are so smart and very kind on this site .
I wonder if they like this song as same as me .
This is a female 's song but this lirics have deepper meaning to me .
This is a woman 's song but the lyrics have a deeper meaning for me .
I want to say someday `` I have been to me . ``
I want to be able to say someday , `` I have been to me . ``

I was soooo excited ! ! !
It was one of the happiest day two days ago since I came in the U .
It was one of the happiest days two days ago since I came to the U .
Because I passed a driver lisence test !
That 's because I passed my driver 's license test !
I know many people think that passing and having a driver lisence is
I know many people think that passing and having a driver 's license is
very normal in the U .
However , that is big and exciting news to me .
I 've never driven a car in Japan , even so , I 've never been in trouble
I 've never driven a car in Japan . Even more so , I 've never had any trouble
about transportation , because my hometown Yokohama is very
with transportation , because my hometown Yokohama is very
conviniently located about public transportation .
conveniently located near public transportation .
( I think , like New York )
I want to buy a car as soon as I can find a good car !
Then when I go back to Japan , I want to drive around my hometown !

A Short Note on English - learning Craze in Korea .
Korea 's English - learning craze shows no sign of cooling down anytime soon .
Students normally start taking English classes as early as they are still in preschools and this continues even after they become college students .
Students normally start taking English classes as early as preschool and this continues even after they become college students .
It 's not so difficult to spot thousands of parents tightening their belts in order to send their kids to private language institutes .
It 's not difficult to spot thousands of parents tightening their belts in order to send their kids to private language institutes .
In 2009 alone , the total amount of money spent on private English education reached up to 7 trillion won .
The number is quite disturbing since it equals almost 30 % of the annual state budget spent for public education .
It is high time for the government to step in with timely measures to resolve the problem situation .

Would you like to make friends with me ?
l am a gril from China .
My english name is miban .
My English name is miban .
l am 20 .
l like to make friends with others .
l like to make friends with other people .
These days l want to learn Japanese , though l do n't konw about it at all .
These days l want to learn Japanese , though l do n't know anything about it at all .
So I want to make some friends to teach me as well as to improve my english .
So I want to make some friends to teach me as well as to improve my English .
Would you like to be my friends ?
Would you like to be my friend ?

My First Entry
My First Entry
I 'll start Lang - 8 for getting the skill of writing English .
I started using Lang - 8 to learn writing in English .
I have started using Lang - 8 to get better at writing in English .
Maybe , too many mistakes are included in my entries .
Maybe , I will make many mistakes in my entries .
I might make too many mistakes in my entries .
But I 'll be to use English fluently to the next year .
But I have to be fluent in English by next year .
Because I 'll be employee of the company making the electric appliances .
Because I 'll be an employee of a company making electric appliances .
English skill is necessary for the working .
English skills are necessary for the job .
Then , I want to obtain the skill for the student .
I want to obtain the skill of a student .
If you help my studying English , I want to help your studying Japanese .
If you help me learn English , I will help you learn Japanese .
Glad to read my entry .
Glad to read my entry .
Thank you for reading my entry .

my first part time job
Life is shorter than I think .
Life is shorter than I thought .
I am totally 21 years old but I have never thought about my future life seriously .
I am 21 years old but I have never thought about my future seriously .
I saw the others have got their own final distination .
I saw that others have got their own final distination .
Some success , some are still keep on trying hard to get thier goals .
Some succeeded , some are still trying hardto achieve their goals .
This point made me want to serious with my life .
This made me want to be serious with my life .
Everyone have got dreames .
Everyone have got dreams .
I also got dreams , but what I dream are impossible soon .
I also have dreams , but they are impossible to achieve soon .
It depends on my parent 's agreement first .
To tell you about one of my dream .
I will tell you about one of my dreams .
I want to study aboard where is focus on my interested major .
I want to study aboard where I can focus on the major I 'm interested in .
I counld n't tell them about this story , just keep in my mind .
I counld n't tell them about this , I just kept it in my mind .
I absolutely know how my family 's financial statement is .
There are 5 person in my family .
There are 5 persons in my family .
We dont rich enough to send me study aboad and I dont want to be selffish .
Theyare not rich enough to send me study aboad and I dont want to be selfish .
As time pass by , It seemed I have got the good thing from my parent more than my sister and brother
As time passes by , It seems thatI have got the good things from my parent more than my sister and brother got .
. . . . . will be edit more . . . . go to sleep la . . .

Improving my listening ability
After class I just took the elevator down to the building with my listening class teacher and two of my classmate .
After class I just took the elevator down to the building with my listening class teacher and two of my classmates .
On of my classmate turned to the teacher to improve our listening skill .
One of my classmate turned to ask the teacher on how to improve our listening skill .
The teacher said that we should listen the meterial over and over and try to figure out all the words and sentences after class .
The teacher said that we should listen to the material over and over and try to figure out all the words and sentences after class .
If we ca n't still figure out some words - especial the technical words - after listening it over and over again , we have to try to write it down and look up in a dictionary .
If we still ca n't figure out some words - especially the technical words - after listening it over and over again , we have to try to write it down and look it up in a dictionary .
Most of all , he emphasized that we had better not to read the script from begining to end .
Most of all , he emphasized that we better not read the script from beginning to end .
That 's what I learned about today .
That 's what I learned today .

Diary 20110117
I 'm working in a publishing company , and our section publishes monthly wedding information magazine .
I 'm working in a publishing company , and our section publishes monthly wedding information magazine / flier .
Now I join in a project to study about the wedding markets of foreign countries , especially of China .
Now I am joining in a project to study about the wedding markets of foreign countries , especially of China .
We discuss the trend of oversea wedding of Chinese couples ; in Japan there are few religious wedding ceremonies , so some Japanese couples choose the oversea wedding , for example hold ceremonies in Hawaii , Guam , and so on .
We discuss the trend of overseas wedding of Chinese couples ; in Japan there are few religious wedding ceremonies , so some Japanese couples choose the overseas wedding , for example they hold ceremonies in Hawaii , Guam , and so on .
But the style of wedding is concerned to their country 's culture , so it 's not easy to understand for us .
I must interview some couples who had already held the oversea wedding .
I must interview some couples who had already held the overseas wedding .
I think their fresh voices are most important hint of my project .
I think their fresh voices are / will be the most important hint for my project .

9 : I want to make our garden full of pink in spring .
9 : I want our garden to be full of pink flowers in spring .
I planted pink tulip bulbs today .
I 'm going to plant other kinds of pink flowers next weekend .
I 've heard pink is a color of hope .
My son and my daughter will start their new life next spring .
That 's why I want to make our garden full of pink in spring .

Japanese cartoon
I found out that most people who study Japanese like Japanese cartoon .
I foundthat most people who study Japanese like Japanese cartoon .
cartoon is called `` Manga `` in japanese .
Not only `` Manga `` , `` Anime `` is also popular for them .
`` Anime `` is the abbreviation of animation .
I was surprised that manga and anime can be seen in other countries .
I 'm not so good at manga and anime .
I 'm not really interested on manga and anime .
So , I 'm planning to know these category .
So I 'm going to know more about these category .
Sha - Hand - Show - Bo
Sha - Hand - Show - Bo , this is a word created by a 4 - year - old child .
It means to insist on something no matter any difficulties come up .
It means to insist on something no matter any difficulties that may come up .
It 's quite surprised why a little child would feel so .
I love the word .
Sometimes , it tells me to keep moving .
I got a bad score from our HR head without rhyme or reason .
The important things are :
It 's time for me to be promoted and the score would impact both the career development and salary
The evaluation is not real because there are not anyone else to say so .
The evaluation is not real because there is not anyone else to say so .
And ever as the word , it 's not to work but to charactor .
Another information is all the department heads expect HR head all agree with my promotion .
It shows maybe I would be a victim in departments competition and under some yentas .
Unfortunately , I have no chance to explain / clarify unless I 'd like to intensify the conflict between my department and HR .
As the result , perhaps , I have to stay at same place .
However , what I can do only is to be ' Sha - Hand - Show - Bo ' .
Let me keep walking and the fact will break down the buzz / gossip .

Heavy rain
It rained today .
I always go work by bicycle ,
I always go to work by bicycle ,
but today I went by foot so it rained .
but today I went on foot because it rained .
My foot got soaked very much .
My ft got really soaked h .
My feet got really soaked .
The weather forecast says that it will rain tomorrow .
It is depressing .

Deaflympic
Tonight in Taipei , there will be a starting ceremeny of Deaflympic .
This is first held in Aisa .
Aftesr World Gams in Kaohsiung , Taipei also hold Deaflypic .
This is our first time to hold it .
This is our first time to host it .
I hope that Deaflympic will hold well and we can care about some one are paralytic ,

